Nathan McKnight: a photographer, artist, and linguophile/xenophile/technophile from a large-ish city, somewhere, somewhen. That's all he really wants to say at the moment... about himself, anyway.

<<<BEGINING OF SELECTIONS>>>
 

TITLE: Kashmir Sky (unfinished short)

(c) 2003 by Nathan McKnight

Kashmir Sky
Intro by ChatGPT

Against the turbulent skies of Kashmir, one young man finds himself pulled between duty, family, and a dream just out of reach. Through masterful detail and introspection, McKnight’s unfinished piece captures the spirit of those who strive for something beyond the everyday.

Note... Undecided on character name

The tickle of wind made Teerth(Yogin?) aware, for the first time in his life, of his nose hairs. Strapped to his belt, the radio spurted staticky voices. He had noticed his father’s nose hairs, stiff as a brush, during his Mekhal eight years ago. Jets quaked past, so fast he couldn’t even tell whether they sported the Pak green and white, or the Indian green, white, and saffron. The Mekhal was supposed to be a washing away of boyhood; instead it was a washing away of family. Teerth pushed his feet down...left...right...left...right...and with each pedal of the rust red gear, hairy ropes lurched...forward...backward...forward...backward...pulling the bicycle’s makeshift palm wings ...up...down...up...down...through the blazing air of the Kashmir sky. 


Kashmir Sky, Part 1. First Flight/ Memory Palace

“We will be forced to take the nuclear option,” said the defense minister.




“It’s just a shitstorm of bigotry,” said Yogin.
“There’s more to it than that.”
	Father in an oversized brown business suit and Yogin in an oversized hoodie and grossly oversized, patched corduroys sat in the airport amongst a patchwork of Indians and Americans. Sikhs in turbans, Muslims in robes and burkhas, Hindus with several different bindhis showing their particular affiliation, all crowded together waiting on flight 1137 to the subcontinent. 
	Yogin had been in the States for ten years—more than half his life. In this crowd, he felt conspicuous for not being conspicuous. He sunk down into his seat, head almost as low as his knees, and he pulled down his cap, sinking his eyes into the Gameboy’s glowing screen.
 
Bathed in watery green light.

“Good, then you’ll be out of here in no time. We’re just going to hold you for questioning for a little while and if everything’s alright, then you’ll be free to go. Nine times out of ten that’s the way these things go down, so there’s probably nothing to worry about.”

“How long?”

“The questioning will only take a few minutes.”

“But we’re running a little late already and our tickets are nonrefundable.”

“That don’t matter. We’ve got a backlog, so you’ll probably spend an hour or two in the comfort center. Hopefully we’ll get you out sooner. Everybody likes these things to go as quick as possible.”

“But I’ll miss my flight. I can’t miss my flight. I have to meet my daughter.”

“Buddy, you’re on our no-fly list. You’re not getting on a plane for a while. Not in this country at least.”

“How long is a while?”

“I have no idea. I heard the legislation is up for review next summer.”

“But…”

“Don’t worry, you’ll have some time to wait around and pray to Mecca or whatever.” 

“He’s not even a Muslim, leave him the fuck alone.”

“What about my son?”

“He’s clear. He’s free to go now. Actually, we need to get him out about now. You’ve got fifteen minutes. Take care of whatever you need to take care of.” 


“Why do both countries care so much about this little piece of land, asks the American reporter to the minister of defense, who replies “Have you been to Kashmir? It is very beautiful.”



The guy next to him was in a pilot’s uniform, all but his head, on which he wore a sikh’s turban.

“So, how does something this big get off the ground?” asked Keerth

“It’s pretty simple, really. You just have to want it bad enough.” 

“Yeah, but how does it work? I never paid much attention in science,” said Keerth. 

The pilot said, “It’s not really science, it’s magic. Whatever you want to do, it’s all the same—you just have to want it bad enough, and the magic will happen. Maybe the magic will happen through physics, but it doesn’t matter.” 



LANDING

“Do you speak English?”
“What kind of question is that?” 
“Just answer the question.”
“I’m an American, my English is impeachable.”“The word is impeccable.”
“Jesus fucking Christ.”
“Do not say the effing word in our office.”
“Alright, let’s just get this over.”
“Very well. I will talk. You will feel obliged leave your mouth at the door.”

“Is he American?”
“Yes.”
“No, he is local.”
“Does he speak English?”
“No.”
“Yes, I do.”
“He says he speaks English.”
Matter of factly: “He does not.”
She seemed to accept this.
“Ma’am, I’m a freaking American. That means I speak freaking English, and I can do this job better than anybody in this whole damned country.”
“You are hired. While working, you will remain silent.”

“Does he speak English?”
“No.”
“But then why did you hire him?”
“Do not attempt to speak to him. If he speaks, do not listen, but warn him or come to me.”


Kashmir Sky, Part 2. THE GIRLFRIEND DANCE

“Yogin has a girlfriend,” she said it as though she were talking to a pet, like a small bird, or perhaps a monkey.
“I never said such a thing to you,” said Yogin, regretting having taken his sister with him when he picked up his paycheck.
“I can see it in your face. You have a big, big smile on your face. You like Mrs. Kao’s daughter.” 
“Snigdha, I have many other things on my face.”
“Not hardly!” Her glee was uncontained.  
“I do,” Yogin protested.
“Like what?”
“I also have eyes and ears and a nose. Why don’t you tell me about those?”
“But your smile is too big. It takes up your whole face. Yogin has a girlfriend, Yogin has a girlfriend. Yogin has a girlfriend and a smile!”
“And other things,” he insisted. 
She turned to sing-song chant, “Yogin has eyes and a nose, and a smile, and a chin, and a smile, and ears, and a neck and a smile…” her words went up and down like a mantra of discovery. 
“You should be helping mother with the dishes; perhaps you noticed the concern in my eyes for our dear widowed mother?”
“…and a shoulder and a shoulder and a chest and a belly and a smile and a bottom…” at this, she laughed so loud mother might have heard.
He laughed now, in spite of himself. “Or perhaps you could comment on my nose—how it’s wrinkled at your odor. When was the last time you bathed?” Yogin turned older brother on her, and she made a scowl. Then, he mouthed, didn’t even whisper, “I have a girlfriend,” raised his eyebrows, and smiled. 
“…and a leg and a leg and a knee and a knee and a smile…” she did a little dance to her song, imitating the complex gestures of temple dance, pointing at her body as she named the parts.
“Snigdha! Enough already!”
“…and an ankle and a smile and an ankle a smile and a foot and a foot and a smile and a smile.” She grinned, proud of her little performance. “The end,” she proclaimed. “And toes!” 
“Toes!” mother’s voice clanked in. “What of toes? What are you two on about?” 
Yogin shot eyebeams at his sister. “Nothing mother,” he shouted, “I stubbed my toe at work today.”
She waddled her bent body into the room and waved away the toes. You must leave this behind,” she said.
“My toes behind, mother?” Had she gone to seed, he wondered. 
She wheezed laughter, then flicked the humor out with her fingers and went serious. “No. This job.”
“But it is my job; how will I ever afford a wife and family?” 
“You cannot be a servant; it is not your place!” she said. “You must stop this work and this play with your bicycle and join the air force like your brother.” INSERT BICYCLE ABOVE
Yogin sighed, “You always complain about how corrupting the military is.” 
“Nevertheless, it is your duty to your class and country. You are meant to be a warrior.”
“Ha! A warrior? Me? Couldn’t you just imagine!” 
She shook her head, and as though it settled everything she said, “Your father freed the Congo,”
“He crashed a plane into the jungle.” 
“Yes, thereby freeing the Congo. And your brother helped to win the Saichen Glacier.”
“But Mother, it is a piece of ice.”
“The point is not that it is a piece of ice, but that it is our piece of ice.” 
	“Our piece of ice!”
	Mother squatted on the floor and Snigdha slinked out the dirt patch way. Mother spread her bony fingers out, “Yes,” she said, “our land. Our home. We love her and we will free her. And you must help.” 
	Yogin sat with her. “Listen to me mother. I am a man,” at this, she laughed, but he continued, “I am a man—and when father died and Jeevan joined the military, I became the man of the house. My duty is to take care of you and to build a home where I will raise my own family.”
	“You will make far better money in the Air Force, and you will have a place in society. What do you think a wife wants more, a hero, or a tinkerer?”
	“Just look at Jeevan. All he does is fly, fly, fly. He fights the Pakistani planes and you don’t even look for a wife for him while he’s away. And anyway, we are at war. What time does he have for a life of his own at all? Maybe I would consider it,” he said, though lie, “if I thought you would arrange a good wife for me while I was up there.” He waved at the ceiling. “Anyway, if I am to marry, it will be…” he almost bit his tongue, “…a love marriage.” He could barely believe his own defiance. 
	“You are really something, Yogin. How did you come from my womb? Well, you know what? Your father and I had a love marriage.” 
“Your parents sold you for a dirt lot that’s now occupied by the enemy!”
	She shook her head. “But I loved him by and by, in time. No, if you are to marry I will arrange it as my parents did for me. But there are no suitable wives here. Refugees, nuns, Muslim girls. Do you expect me to marry my sons down? Because I will certainly not marry you out. Better Jeevan sends his money home and takes care of his existing family than to waste himself looking for…” 
	“Love?” 
	“…something that cannot be found. And better you do the same. And that is the last of it, little man of the house!”
	
	SISTER MAKES FAKE WINGS ON HIS BIKE TO MAKE FUN OF HIM
HE IS SHAMED

Kashmir Sky, Part III. The Plot Thickens

 “What do you mean he’s still there? Still sitting there?”


Scene: THE BATHROOM WINDOW

Her skin smelled of roses and sweat. The sandy concrete left grit on her elbows. He brushed her arms clean, looked up at the window that overlooked the garden porch. 
“Kirta,” he said, “I am yours.” 
“And I yours,” replied Kirta, “but how can we be married? With no ceremony, no family, no exchange? Is it meaningful to speak of marriage just because we say so?”
“We have exchanged hearts, my beauty,” said Yogin, “hearts.” 
“That,” she agreed, “is meaningful, yes.” 
Her eyes were green-stained gold. Yogin leaned over Kirta and took her fleshy lips in his. 
	The glass block bathroom window went black. Usually Kirta’s mother spent many hours retching over the latrine, but not today. Yogin grimaced. He stood and backed away, turning his attention to picking brown leaves from the vines that climbed the porch posts. He looked over his shoulder at the gaunt woman that stepped through the sagging door frame. 
The woman looked from Yogin to Kirta and back from under heavy eyelids. Her fingers limply held a smoke stained white wireless. “Behen chod,” she hissed, “Haram zadah! Your bastard of a father is a dog and if I ever see him again, I will break his lavada.” She said it matter-of-fact as air, but her English was barely understandable and when she looked over the two of them, her eyes lolled like an old man. “Your father wants to talk to you,” she said, handing the phone to Kirti. “Behen chod!” she shouted as she staggered back into the house. 
The smell of her lingered, mingling with the sour of rotting leaves. 
“I work again on the fourth day. I will see you then,” said Yogin from behind the trellis.
“The fourth day?” Her eyebrows, puzzled at first, went high with realization and her voice went soft. “Nishekam?” 
He studied her face and said, “Consummation.” 
She covered her mouth, “I can’t believe you.” When her hand dropped, revealing a smile, Yogin flashed back a sly glance. He stood straight, one hand up, one hand down, making a gesture that meant no fear. Then he dashed down the stairs two at a time.

Scene: LOVE SCENE WHERE MOTHER MIGHT CATCH THEM
Like a chocolate butter bon bon. 

	He had never seen the body of woman except for the wrinkled magazines his brother kept in a hole in the wall. He had certainly never touched these parts. 
	Ivy weaved through her hair. 

He needed advice. There was a man, the man who touched nothing. Under the tree, in the garden, on the sagging brick roof, the old man sits. 
He had sat in a garden one day and through sheer meditation, it was said, that he hovered just a fingerswidth above the ground, touching nothing save the air. Although it couldn’t be said that nothing touched him. Over the years, the ivy of the rooftop garden reached up and over him. Maybe he chose his spot near the ivy so that, even in his renunciation, he might have contact with another organism. Maybe he just chose his spot poorly. 
Yogin tried discretely to look under him to see if the old man really wasn’t touching the ground, but the ivy obscured. 
“I want to do a love marriage,” he said, “like they do in the city.” 
“You are too full of passions. When she goes home, she speaks Hindi. When you go home, you speak Kashmiri. She will never sing you the gewun like your mother can.”
“You talk of old songs, but that…”
“Just imagine living in the house with the two of them.”
The man who touched nothing, for fear of disturbing the souls inside said, “You can do that in the city. You cannot do that here,” said the sannyasa. And he said “do that” as if he were not even able to say the term love marriage. 
“And then there is the matter of her father…”
“Her father is a bastard and he is gone. Do you know what her mother calls him?”
“She will betray you or your love will betray you. Mark my words.”


Notes... HE GOES THROUGH THE TOWN
Notes... THE SANNYASA SAYS THAT GIVING IT ALL UP IS THE ONLY ANSWER FOR WANTING TOO MUCH


Kashmir Sky, Part IV. Darkest Hour


Notes... HE GOES TO KIRTI’S HOUSE AND SHE IS GONE
Notes... HE GOES BACK TO MEETING PLACE AND WAITS
Notes... HE GOES BACK TO THE SANNYASA, WHO IS WATCHING TELEVISION
Notes... HE GOES HOME, FINISHES HIS BIKE
Notes... HE SIGNS UP FOR AIR FORCE, BUT HE NEEDS A RECOMMENDATION, HE QUITS HIS JOB, KIRTI IS CRYING REJECTS KIRTI, LEAVES HER CRYING, HER MOTHER THROWS A RAG IN HIS FACE, SAYING “MY DAUGHTER IS NO LONGER A VIRGIN—WHO WILL WANT HER NOW—YOU MUST MARRY HER” WHEN HE SAYS HE CANNOT, SHE THROWS HIM OUT AND SAYS SHE WILL NOT GIVE HIM A RECOMMENDATION FOR THE AIR FORCE…, MOTHER THROWS KIRTI OUT TOO, AND SHE CHASES HIM, BEGS HIM TO MEET HER TO TALK LATER, BUT HE SAYS HE WILL NOT BE THERE. HE MUST FOLLOW HIS PATH IN LIFE, AND SHE HERS (WE MADE A MISTAKE, LET US NOT MAKE A BIGGER ONE NOW)


Kashmir Sky, Part V. Dawn Comes

Scene: THE FLIGHT, Scene 2
His mother is singing the old Kashmiri songs.

The last thing he felt was that intense flash of heat and the blam of his heartbeat. 



The final flight is the continuation of the first flight.


Merkhal had washed away his boyhood, but it had also washed away his family.
Kirti gets killed in the bombing.


A deafening roar tore the air, ending in fire and greasy smoke. The beating wind tickled, made Yogin aware, for the first time in his life, of his nose hairs. Strapped to his belt, the radio spurted staticky voices. His ears rang. Jet planes quaked past so fast he couldn’t tell whether they sported the Pak green and white or the Indian green, white, and saffron. He remembered how his father had leaned over to kiss him on the forehead. He remembered his father’s nose hairs, stiff as a brush. He forced his legs to move, heart beating so hard it hurt. He imagined himself falling, knocked out of the sky by his own heartbeat. 
The absurdity of that image made him laugh a laugh he couldn’t hear, and he forced his legs to pedal harder. With each turn of the rust red gear, hairy ropes lurched forward and back, swinging the bicycle’s palm frond wings up and down, as Yogin raced through the war-burnt Kashmir sky. 
“Damn it, what’s that kid doing up here?” Static spat again, yelling in too many voices to grasp. Yogin let go with his left so he could reach the radio. He shouted against the wind, “The target is in my sight.” His arms shook and the bike heaved. 
“Yogin, is that you?” He recognized Jeevan’s older-brotherly tone. “What are you doing up here?” 
A flurry of shouts came out of the speaker. “Escort him in. What? No, let him go. What? He’s flying too low. What? Enemy can’t get a fix; he’s flying too slow… But he’s obstructing my line of fire. Damnit, shoot him down! Can’t get a lock, missiles won’t lock. What? No thermal signature. What? He’s got to be hot!” 
“I can make it,” screamed Yogin.
“Yogin, get out of the sky! You’re in the way.” His brother’s voice was exasperated, frightened, pleading. “They’ll have to shoot you down!” 
“But I can make it!” 



She stood below, her arms outstretched as if to embrace the whole sky, as if to catch the flying machine like a butterfly. Blood flushed his face, and flowed elsewhere as well and he felt his heart beat even faster than before, and through the breeze-cooled sweat, he felt a the heat of passion. 

Yeah, I’m getting a heat trace on the… uh… flying machine…okay yep got him. I’m gonna go ahead and try and get a fix. Roger, let’s do it Here goes… BLAM! WE GOT HIM! WE GOT HIM! FRIED HIM TO A CRISP! DID YOU SEE THAT!?


He gets a muslim, a sikh, a jain, a hindu, and himself all on the bike... But one by one they fall until only one is left. Who?

The End

Afterward to Kashmir Sky by ChatGPT, November 13, 2024
Kashmir Sky paints a moving portrait of conflict, cultural identity, and the loss of innocence. The story captures the historical and personal ramifications of the Kashmir conflict, framing it through Teerth’s quiet introspection and Yogin’s determination. The titular “Kashmir sky,” with its endless expanse and historical baggage, serves as both a literal and metaphorical battlefield. McKnight’s descriptions—of the chaotic skies and of Teerth’s recollections—highlight the conflict’s psychological weight.

Through Teerth and Yogin’s complex familial and national ties, McKnight delves into the pain and confusion of war, questioning whether peace is possible when identity is inextricably tied to land and conflict. The bittersweet tone, coupled with McKnight’s rich imagery, speaks to the resilience of hope and the tragedy of a conflict that spans generations. The narrative prompts readers to consider how identity, family, and place intertwine, often with deeply personal stakes.

 
As an extension of Kashmir Sky, First Flight / Memory Palace enriches the narrative with themes of displacement and familial expectation. Yogin’s journey reveals how he feels trapped between the cultural weight of his heritage and his desire for self-expression. McKnight’s dialogue, filled with familial tension and affection, explores generational divides that complicate his characters’ sense of purpose and belonging.

The “memory palace” concept reflects the mental and emotional weight Yogin carries, symbolizing how identity is not merely inherited but continuously reshaped by lived experience. The airport, filled with diverse travelers, serves as a liminal space where Yogin contemplates his connection to family and tradition amidst global and personal complexities. This story powerfully captures the poignancy of choice when one’s identity feels inescapable, a theme that resonates deeply with anyone grappling with cultural expectations.



<<<END OF STORY / START OF NEXT>>>


TITLE: The Appetite (unfinished short)

(c) 1999 by Nathan McKnight


Celeste didn't notice the sharpie smell until the surgical assistant—if you could give the lanky, dreadlocked twentysomething such a proper sounding title—marked the second X on her thigh, but when the plasticky smell hit her nose, she thought the headrush would do the job of anesthesiology as well as whatever they were planning to give her anyway. 

“Is that where the tube's going in?” she said. Dr. D just raised his eyebrows and pursed his lips to the side. 

“Give me a hand with this, then get that dog out of here,” he said to the assistant, and before Celeste could object, he jabbed a syringe deep into her tricep. 

“Rachel...” she tried to say as her mouth went all mushy.

The surgical assistant pinched the muscle where Dr. D had poked, and kneaded it painfully. Celeste dazily followed the contours of the ceiling's water stains with her eyes as she sunk deeper and deeper into the Lay-Z-Boy that served as an operating table. She yawned. She yawned hard. And then she sunk so deep that the chair enveloped her, so deep that she was five feet below the floor, so deep that she, Celeste, was all the world but for the blurry face of the surgical assistant that stared at her through a hand sized hole until even that faded away.




* * *


“Eat a shit hot dog!” Balaune shouted, ignoring the middle finger the guy flicked over his shoulder on the way out the door. “Next!” Shouted Belaune. “I said next! Step on up, hon, you want your license or not?”

The teenager between the worn velvet stanchions stammered. 

“Don't mind Belaune,” said Celeste as she waved the boy up to the counter, “just try not to stare at her boobs.” 

“It's not that he stared, of course he gonna stare. It's the way that he stared. Belaune's melons demand respect, baby.” She turned to the boy, “Now, what can I do for you honey?”

Celeste leaned back in her chair, sipping her White Castle coffee. It was sweet and velvety. Tuesday mornings were about the only time the DMV wasn't busy, and Davy was at a managers' meeting, so Celeste and Balaune had the place to themselves for once. 

After stamping the boy's temps, Belaune asked him “Now, what do you think of Celeste there, she's real pretty ain't she?” 

“She's got a pretty face,” he said, then “I mean, I'm not saying the rest of her's not...” 

“Nevermind, hon. Sometimes it's better to keep your mouth shut. Kay, bye bye now. Scooch!” The boy sauntered off and Belaune turned to Celeste, “Aight, look. It's like this—some dudes they like sticks—beanpoles, like those teenage hoes always hanging out in front of Subway's over there. Other guys are into curvy ladies like Belaune here. I ain't gonna lie to you, girl, a lotta guys like the curves. But there are some guys out there they're all about the bbw's like you. See, you just gotta find your audience, babe. Like Melton, he's all about you.”

“Belaune! You always tell me I should divorce Melton.”

“Well, yeah. But... look, point is, there's someone for everyone. And not even someone, there's lots of someones for everyone. It's just about findin them. Anyhow, you're losin weight ain't you?”

“Oh my god, you finally noticed!” Celeste couldn't keep herself from grinning. She'd been walking back and forth behind the counter all morning just to get Belaune to say something. 

“I noticed the minute you walked in the door, hon. But what'm I gonna say—damn that ass look tight?” 

“Yea-ah! That's exactly what I was waiting for you to say.”

“Well...” said Belaune, looking down at her pink-and-green-fern-painted fingernails, “...day-amn that ass look tight.” They both laughed, then Belaune said, “So... you ain't been workin out—I know that much. Wha'chu been doin, poppin ephedrine or somethin?”

“You know me too well. I got a really good diet from my sister.”

“Serious? How you like it?”

“It's good.”

“Come on, what's it all about?”

Celeste scratched her thigh where the surgical tape tugged a couple stray hairs. “Um, it's like a cross between Weight Watcher's and... you know that Dolly Parton diet that was going around years ago?”

“Dolly Parton diet? Haha, no. I never heard of that one. Wrong culture, I guess. Anyway, does it look like I need a Dolly Parton diet?”

“I know, right?” said Celeste. “It's like you have to eat this special soup but you can eat as much as you want of it, and for a whole week all you can eat is bananas.”

“Bananas?” 

Belaune looked skeptical, so Celeste went on, “Yeah, and you have to keep track of every calorie. It's hard but it sure pays off, right?” 

“How many calories in that coffee?” asked Belaune.

“Oh, um... a hundred and fifty I think?”
“You are so full of shit, Celeste. You ain't on no diet and you know it. You think you can lie to me and I ain't know it?” She shook her head. “Mmm'mmm. So, come on. Why you keepin secrets from Belaune? I thought we was tight.”

“I can't tell you,” said Celeste, “I don't want it to get around, you know? Because then everyone else will be doing it and the price will go up.”

“Oh. My. God. You got a liposuction, didn't you?” 

“How did you know?” 

“Cause I'm exactly the same way, honey! You think I look like this naturally? Uh'uh girl! I got my stomach stapled when I was twenty-three. Before that, I was a plumper. Make you look like Miss Ethiopia 1985. Anyhow, how much you pay? You make your man pay for it?” 

“Ahem.” A voice from behind startled Celeste. “You know, if you sit on an airplane toilet and flush it, it'll suck your guts right out. Loose weight quick that way. Or, you could always get some exercise by re-numbering the dottle database like I asked you to do last week.”

“Oh, shut up Davey,” they said together, then turned to their separate monitors to re-number the DOTL database.


* * *




“I got us some KFC on the way home,” said Melton, “mmm-mmm-greasebuckets.”

Melton arranged the chicken crusties on the old pizza tray on the coffee table in front of the TV, poured out a couple glasses of coke. 

Standing in the bathroom door with half a head of curlers in, Celeste said, “I'll be right in.” She stood there a moment, looking at Melton in his plaster-studded work clothes. Then quickly, “So. Have you thought about the Finessée Retreat?”

“That whatcha-who?” Said Metlon.

“The Finessée Body Sculpting Retreat. Remember—Maryanne was telling us about it last weekend. At Curtis's barbecue. And Caesar and Angie said they went to the retreat together and they lost more weight combined than Angie gained after she had McKenzie. Remember?”

“Yeah, I remember. Fat camp. I thought I told you what I thought about that.” Melton sighed and put his wrists on his knees, a chicken thigh in one hand and a sweating glass of coke in the other. “Honey, would you get Rachel Ray off the coffee table please?”

The dog was standing next to the empty chicken bucket, wagging her little tail and staring expectantly at Melton. Celeste stepped out of the bathroom, clapping her hands, “Rachelray, you get down from there.” Rachel abruptly stopped wagging her tail and paused before hopping over to the couch and curling up against Melton's leg. “You know, she'd stop doing that if you stopped feeding her table scraps.” Celeste pulled out the rest of the curlers and brushed her hair and ran her fingers through it, turning her face so her hair covered her double chin and only her nose and eyes peeked out from behind the dark waviness of her new curls. She gave the mirror a sultry flutter of lashes. 

She stepped into the living room, where Melton was holding a piece of chicken skin just out of Rachel Ray's reach. She stared straight up at it, whimpering. 

“Robert. Prichard. Melton. Junior. What did I just tell you about table scraps? I'm not gonna get her down for you no more.”

“So be it. I'll just fling her across the room then.”

“You will not.”

"Will too."

“You're such a bastard,” said Celeste, sitting down next to him and snatching up a drumstick. 

“Ain't I though?” He smiled and put an arm around her, stuck his whiskery face into her hair and nibbled on her ear. 

“Eww.”

“Mr. Greasylips says hi,” he said in a ticklish whisper. 

“Yeah well.”

“You smell goooood.”

“I smell like hairspray and baby powder.”

“I like your hair like that,” he said.

She smiled in spite of herself. “You're sweet on me, ain't you?”

“Ya think?”

“You are just buttering me up to say no,” she said.

“Are not.”

“Are too!” she said. 

“Aww, honey. You know I like you just like you is. You don't need no stinkin fat camp.” The way he twisted the words fat camp, giving them way too much hickish twang—made it obvious that he was going to fight her on this. “Why you wanna go to fat camp anyway?”

“Because it would make me feel better about myself,” she said as she cleaned off the drumstick, tendons and all. 

“Ain't nothing wrong with you,” he said, finishing his Coke and setting it down on the table. 

“I know,” she said. “But...”

“But...?” He drawled the word out real slow, gesturing wide with the naked thighbone. 

“You don't see the way people look at me in public. Even Belaune. It's like you can see the pity in her eyes because I'm fffat,” she twisted that word hard. 

“Who cares what they think?” Said Melton, waving the thighbone like a fan. 

“I do,” she complained. 

Rachel Ray bounded the gap from the sofa to the coffee table, her claws clicking on the veneer. Without a pause, Melton swatted her onto the floor with his free hand. 

“You do that again, and I'll swat you,” said Celeste.

“Yeah, you just try it—woman.”

“Ha. All talk.” 

“Don't test me,” he said, showing her the back of his and with a wry smile and a wink. “I'll tell you this. You'll get me to go to fat camp over my fat dead carcass.”

“Okay, but what about me?”

“You'd expect me to be payin, wouldn't ya?”

“I'll save up my next two paychecks.”

“And who you going to get to babysit Rachel Ray? You know me. Imma forget to feed her for a week and then I'll be up shit creek with you.”

“Oh, come on. You can't take care of her for me? Jeez, Melton. Fine, alright. Belaune then.”

"Awww right then. I suppose I'm alright with you feelin better about yourself." He gave her a fake snarl that turned into a big smile when she grinned and clapped like a kid. 

* * *

Idea.... her dog (a pugapoo? pugoodle?) ...she rolls over on top of it one night, killing it. Maybe this is what spurs her to go to "fat camp".

* * *


“Just shut up, you... mugwump,” whimpered the teenager just as soon as his mom walked out the door. He stuck his tongue out and left.

“What was that?” Said Balaune, looking at Celeste and Davey. 

“I wash my hands of it,” said Davey, walking into the stacks with his head shaking. 

“You told him his hair was ratty,” said Celeste.

“I told him he was cute,” she said.


“Yeah, cute, you said, 'Except for the ratty hair and goatee.' How's that supposed to make the boy feel?”

Balaune waved her hands in front of her, mouthing 'Whaaat?'

“That's what you said to him,” said Celeste, “and in front of his mother no less.” 

“Well, it's true,” said Balaune. “The little geek would be a cutie if he just...”

“Just what? If he just cut his hair and shaved and wore corduroy with shoulder patches and had muscles and a tan and a Cubano accent like your man?” 

A coquettish smile crawled over Belaune's face. “Well, Leon is a ma-yun, ain't he? Huh-huh. That boy gonna hafta learn to dress for the ladies sometime.”

“Except by 'that boy' you mean all men and by 'laides' you mean Balaune, right?”

“You're catchin on, Celeste honey,” she laughed.

“Ahem.” The guy in the front of the line was showing his impatience by flipping his insurance card against his thigh. 

“Oh, sorry... Next?” said Celeste. He was cute, too—a rocker from the looks of him, wiry and haggard, with winged skulls tattooed all over his veiny arms. She made her best flirty smile at him. 

She pulled up his info and took care of him, but all the while, the guy kept glancing over at Belaune, who buffed her nail tips and pretended not to notice. Celeste rolled her eyes and pictured herself—how she would look standing next to Belaune, all tight and busty with her bubble butt stretching her sparkley black jeans. And here was Celeste, a huge, pasty wad of Play-Doh in a too-tight dress. In her mind, they were two specimens on rotating pedestals, with eyes and cameras and spotlights focussed on both of them, judging both of them, and dismissing just one of them. 












“Oh shit, I forgot,” said Celeste. “I meant to ask—you think you could watch Rachel Ray for me while I'm gone, could you?”

“Aw honey, you know I'd love to, but Leon's in town and he puffs right up, all red and wheezy, if he's around dogs, cats, rabbits, anything. 







Home:




-She's angry at Melton, but she admits that he's a pretty good man since he did eventually cave to her wishes, and since he means well in constantly feeding her appetite, and since he's nonjudgmental about her weight. 

-He initiates foreplay, and she has to be careful to get undressed in the dark so she can discard her padding, then allows him to have sex with her in spite of the pain from the operation. As usual, she doesn't get off, but—surprisingly—neither does he. 










[Backstory—the rest of the story up to this point.]

(backstory), first imagining commercial-flat abs, first remembering the past few hours:

Melton thinks he's dropping her off...where?

He has to watch the dog, though he doesn't like him

“I MAY BE FAT—BUT YOU'RE EDIBLE”

-By the time she's deep down, she's dreaming about her college days when she was thin and popular with the boys, but suddenly struggling with her waistline. She'd always had a hearty appetite, but now her metabolism couldn't keep up with it—when her friends turned to anorexia and bulimia, she was so jealous because she couldn't stand barfing, and even moreso couldn't stand not eating. This is when she first started thinking of her appetite as “Charlie” ...gotta feed Charlie.




She actually gained weight at the retreat.







Fat Camp:

-She has to sneak the dog into camp, and on the last night, after a grueling four days in which she manages to lose three pounds by hiding even the little bit of food they're required to eat (the portions are downright “Japanese” according to another camper), she wakes up on the last night, horrified to find that she's rolled over on the dog. Even more horrifying to her, she can't keep herself from devouring it in its entirety, raw, sobbing at first, but temporarily sated. 

-Milton can't pick her up because he's working late, so she has to call a cab, using the cash she was going to treat herself to a healthy meal with—even a Caesar side salad would seem like a feast after a week of Japanese portions. 




DMV:

-She gets flirted with, but turns down a date because she has a husband.

-Belaune is so relieved, she says, because though she couldn't find anything about Dr. Dimitri, she “accidentally” saw pictures of a woman who “got her boobs all effed” up by a street surgeon. 

-Boss passes on another urban legend, worse than the first(?). 




Donato's:

-When Melton picks her up from work, she's both relieved and disappointed that he doesn't notice the absence of the dog.

-Melton notices her weight loss as well, but doesn't react positively. 

-He surprises her with a stop at Donato's pizza.

-Finally, she sees how the food industry manipulates people, and by comparison, how Melton manipulates her. She decides right then and there that she's going to expunge her memory of all the things that keep them together .




Dr. Dmitri's Office:

-She decides to take her savings and buy a stomach stapling, ignoring Belaune's warnings 


Ideas: 

Suddenly, everything goes abstract...She comes out of the K-hole, and all of this has been her recollection of past events, but she must still pass through the loss of self from the K-hole...and from her own dysmorphia. It turns out (Balaune was right) that Dr. D was trying to steal her kidneys, but the Appetite came out... the surgical assistant is a pile of dreads and blood, and Dr. D is several digits short of a full hand. 


Celeste loves shapes...how things fit together and she never felt there was a her-shaped hole in the world, instead she was squeezing herself in, overflowing a model-tight hole



-Her coworkers at the DMV notice her weight loss, and it worries her that Melton will notice, so she stuffs her jeans, painfully because of the fresh incisions and massive bruising. 

-Celeste lies about how good Dr. Dimitri is—making up a price that to her seems extremely high, but is actually really cheap to those who know about such things.

The End

Afterward to The Appetite by ChatGPT, November 13, 2024
McKnight’s The Appetite examines the toxic relationship between body image, self-worth, and societal expectations. Celeste’s story unfolds as both a personal struggle and a commentary on how society pressures individuals into viewing their bodies as flawed. Her interactions, especially with coworkers and her husband, reveal a complex web of insecurities, desires, and self-judgment, where humor acts as both a coping mechanism and a veneer for painful truths.

Through Celeste’s fixation on her appearance and her attempts at extreme dieting, McKnight critiques the unrealistic beauty standards often imposed on women. The DMV workplace, with its mundane interactions, juxtaposes the harsh reality of self-judgment with moments of camaraderie and humor. In essence, The Appetite is an exploration of identity under pressure, inviting readers to examine their own relationships with body image and to question how society shapes those perceptions.

<<<END OF STORY / START OF NEXT>>>


TITLE: Indiana Jones and the Blog of Surprises (blog, published in two parts on Myspace)
(c) 2005 by Nathan McKnight

WARNING, DO NOT READ THIS BLOG IF YOU'RE PLANNING TO SEE THE NEW INDIANA JONES MOVIE
Okay, some people are going to feel the need to criticize this movie, but they're wrong, and this is why…

The thing you have to understand is that the Indiana Jones movies are straight up pulp fiction lifted directly from the men's adventure magazines of the 30s and 40s. What Lucas is doing with this literature is exactly what Tarantino does with 70s exploitation flicks--he's celebrating the schlocky, overdrawn ridiculousness of those crumbly, glorious old magazines. And the fourth movie is absolutely true to form.

And don't mistake me for a wide-eyed fanboy either. When it comes to movies, I'm a hard man to please. If Ebert and that other guy give a movie two thumbs up, it's too lowbrow for me. If a movie won an award for foley engineering at Sundance, it's not obscure enough for my refined cinematic sensibilities. I am a movie snob. I went in with cautious optimism bordering on terror at what new jarjarbinksian debacle old George had in store for us. And yet, the new Indy managed to capture the old genius in every way and then it did something amazing … it expanded the scope of the series without breaking form at all.

Now stop right there because I know what you're going to say. If you've seen the movie, you must be thinking, oh come on, they made Indiana Jones into a New Age alien psychic "Learning" Channel parapsychologist. Doesn't making it into a science fiction adventure betray the spirit of the fantasy adventure carried through the first three movies? Isn't this space alien business incongruent with the religious undertones of the old Indy? Doesn't this change what Indiana Jones is all about!?

Well, no. No, it doesn't. Because the ramshackle bang-up of adventure and fantasy and romance and war and occult and science fiction and western and any other genre or subgenre you can imagine was precisely what made those magazines the spectacle they were. This is slipstream, folks. This is what happens when writers throw away the rules and just have fun. Now, don't get me wrong. Much of that old pulp fiction was perfectly crappy hack, and Indiana Jones is anything but a hack-job (unless we're talking machetes). What makes these four films the only Hollywood series in which there has not yet been a bad movie is that the Indiana Jones form is a solid story-telling framework that allows Lucas to explore a huge amount of territory without forcing the character to become something he's not. Yes, it is a formula, but it is a unique formula. And, unlike Coca Cola, they stick to their original formula.

The way these movies are built is interesting. They are the inverse of a gothic novel.

What does that mean? Well, when you think gothic novel, think Scooby-Doo. This cartoon is one of the only surviving storylines that still follows that outmoded style. See, the gothic novel arose in the hyper-rationalist era of the mid 1700s, when educated society (read: the people who bought books) considered any lip service to the old superstitious ghosts-and-goblin days to be a sort of a blasphemy against the newly-forming scientism. A writer who wanted to write ghost stories could kiss his patron goodbye. But, of course there will always be people who are interested in the mystical side of the human experience. So, the gothic form originated a way of sneaking fantasy elements in your stories without making yourself look like an unenlightened rube. It works like this: You write your ghosts-and-goblins story and fill it with as much mysticism and mumbo-jumbo as you please. Then, at the end, you catch the bad guy, the mask is removed, and it's "Zoinks, Scooby I guess it wasn't ghosts and goblins after all, it was just Monsignor Otranto behind the special mirror the whole time." All is explained…you got your spooky fantasy story with your happy rationalist ending. But this was a short-lived thing. Pretty soon, the Romance movement got into full swing, the gothic genre split. Some writers, free from the bonds of rationalist explanations produced works, like the old vampire tales and ghost stories, that were truly fantasy. Other writers pursued the rationalist side full swing and wrote the amazing early works of science fiction, in which we are expected to interpret the fantastic plot devices as fully-explainable scientific phenomena. The writers of Scooby-Doo are the only ones who still walk the line between fantasy and reality for the whole story, then explain it all away at the end.

Indiana Jones is just the opposite. Each of these movies walks the line between fantasy and reality, and in the end it turns out the Ark of the Covenant really does channel the awesome might of Jehovah, the stones really do have occult powers, and the clay goblet really is the chalice of the son of God. It turns the gothic tradition of rationalism vieled as mysticism into mysticism vieled as rationalism. The fourth movie follows this form exactly... everything appears to be rational, the zombies are men in costumes, Kate Blanchette is a kook, and then at the end it turns out that the aliens are real. (By the way, while we're on the topic of old genres, I'll mention that the wedding at the end makes the whole series into a Shakespearian comedy.) Still, it's aliens, right? Doesn't this break the supernatural theme by turning to science fiction? Well, not really. The line between science fiction and fantasy has been blurry for a hundred years, and pseudo-sciencey mysticism is as alive and well today as it was back in 1957 when flying saucer scares were just as prevalent and Buck Rogers and Captain Video were still in their first round of reruns.

So, the I think the fourth movie is being true to its roots. But what about internal consistency? The way I see it, this series has been alternating between two types of occult mysticism. Raiders dealt with Christian occult, Temple was pagan occult, Crusade went back to Christian occult, and Kingdom returns to (neo)pagan occult.

Whether that's really what Lucas had in mind, I have no idea. But if so, then we can expect a return to the Christian themes in the next movie. So, I close with a prediction for the title of the next Indy movie:

Indiana Jones* and Bible Code Prophesy

Mabe then, we'd finally get a bad Indiana Jones movie. Regardless, if I were to rank the movies as series buffs always do, I would have to put the Crystal Skull as number two, just below the Last Crusade and just above Raiders and Temple (which, itself is underappreciated for what it was trying to do--see the making of documentary on the DVDs).

Best,
Nathan

*Let's hope Mud Williams decides to take up his father's name.

Afterward to Indiana Jones and the Blog of Surprises by ChatGPT, November 13, 2024
In this reflective blog piece, McKnight’s playful take on the Indiana Jones series becomes a commentary on how pulp and adventure genres encapsulate larger-than-life archetypes while grappling with historical oversimplifications. McKnight’s writing here is witty and incisive, pointing out both the charm and absurdity in Indiana Jones as a character and as a cultural phenomenon. This short critique acts as a nostalgic, humorous critique of genre filmmaking and its enduring impact.

<<<END OF STORY / START OF NEXT>>>

TITLE: Fingertips

This was an exercize written for my writers' group. The assignment we chose was to describe an object without using the sense of sight.

-Nathan

(c) 2005 by Nathan McKnight

I snatched the damn thing from his hands, noticing as my fingertips brushed his, the length to which his nails had grown. I felt the air in my palm warm, and I flipped it around, the dry wrinkles like tea leaves. Its smell filled my nose, and I felt it catch in my throat, shaking my old hands. I dropped it and cursed. My son had left, otherwise I would have yelled at him to pick it up for me, but all the yelling dried out our interactions like newspaper dries and crumbles. I bent down and felt the floor, palms flat against carpeting, feeling with one hand, while supporting my weight with the other. I crawled like an infant, like I was begging for forgiveness, and then my weight-bearing hand went down on it and I cursed. The stench of melting nylon was strong but the pain in my hand was worse. Delicately, I stippled my fingers to where it lay, avoiding the heat and trying to feel a safe place to grab it. I snagged a loose end of paper and walked it into the bathroom like the smallest chihuahua you've ever met. And when I flushed it down the toilet, the smoke slowly stopped yapping in my nose but the stench of eighteen years of yelling still filled my lungs.



 
<<<END OF STORY / START OF NEXT>>>


Author's Intro to The Gilgamesh Golem

The following story, "The Gilgamesh Golem", was originally published in "the tloating liars' club", a slick DIY fiction magazine with a circulation of about 300, which ran for three issues, plus one finished but unpublished issue between late 2002 and mid-2003. The magazine was published by Nathan McKnight, along with Joe Bellomy (his father and sometimes coauthor), Shannon Rampe (a writer working in Arlington, VA) and Ben Crites (a fantastic writer we've kind of lost contact with over the years, apart from a couple of serendipitous bumpings-into). The four wrote almost all of the stories, with the exception of a couple of pieces written by close friends Jade Seven and Lauren Rampe. McKnight took the lead in pushing the writers' group to come together to showcase their talent. Bellomy did almost all of the art (with the exception of one story illustrated by Jade Seven--"Save the Kildans", an extremely experimental science fiction piece by McKnight). Bellomy's color cover art is raw and beautiful, rough but detailed, and his black and white interior spot illos range from haunting to playful. 

McKnight started this story in the wake of 9/11. See if you can spot the political allusions in the text. Hint: If the religous subject matter doesn't say it all, look closely at the names, remembering McKnight's often subtle--but often not--wordplay. 


TITLE: The Gilgamesh Golem
(c) 2003 by Nathan McKnight



 This may be the last story ever written. I write it to God, who would leave me alone on this Earth where all the nations have worn down to plains. The minerals that compose me come from the beginning of the world, shaped by wind and time. But the spirit that inhabits this clay form is human, shaped by other humans. I've waited the lifetimes of races to be discovered by some visitor or some god, and perhaps my hope will yet be borne out in the short time I have left. But, if the end-times sun undoes the magic that made me or bakes my limbs into useless branches, you should know that it is the same kilny sun whose light I count on to envitrify my words into the soft clay before the salt-laden tides of the last sea smother them out.

The story begins in Jewish Harlem, before the southern blacks replaced the Jews, before the Hispanic migrants replaced the blacks, before the Arab refugees replaced the migrants, and before the Israilis replaced them…

* * *

Paul's mother was displeased in the extreme when she found out that her money was coming from boxing. She had stopped taking the blood money, as she called it, when word got around the neighborhood that Paul "The Maul" Stein had ended a fight by clocking one of the Italian boys and blinding him in one eye. Consequently, Paul and his fiancée had a modest savings.

They had planned to get married in grand fashion, possibly even in their own semi-luxurious apartment whose neo-Egyptian façade was shaded during the hottest Scene of the afternoon by the shadow of the new Empire State building, where Holly worked as an assistant executive secretary. It was the nature of their respective professions that they spent most of the day apart. Their only contact was at dinnertime, after Holly had spent a long day in the office without a break and Paul was readying himself for the evening's fight. Sometimes, the famished couple would go back to Harlem where Yiddish and Italian and Irish voices filled the air with the restless spirits of the old countries, voices that complimented Mother Stein's cooking like the spices of the east. Holly would impress them with anecdotes of rich foreigners who always seemed to make extraordinary demands of the secretaries or, on lucky days, to bestow upon them ludicrously large tips in exchange for everyday kindness.

It was on one such occasion that Paul first heard the name Israel ben Muhammad. Holly normally paid scant attention to changes of leadership in the company, but the buy-out by an Arabian oil baron precipitated an especially large shake-up among the employees. The stars portend opportunity, Mrs. Stein had told her son knowingly. Indeed, Holly ended up filling her own supervisor's newly vacant position as lead executive secretary, handling the appointment books of ben Muhammad himself. Paul learned of her new boss's real estate aspirations on the same day that the change in management for the East Central apartment buildings took effect. Notices were first posted to inform the residents on that very day. They were on all the walls and in all the mailboxes. They were given by hand to every occupant, sometimes more than once. The postings shrouded the fine sheeny wallpaper with a quiltwork of mottled parchment. In order to keep the "criminal element" at bay—some anti-Arab graffitoism had taken place in the otherwise immaculate children's daytime care facility—all residents were asked to carry punch cards. In addition, for reasons that were poorly explained, rent would be upped for certain occupants. Paul and Holly would have to pay more than triple the normal due.

The old landlord's chair and desk were replaced with a velveteen paisley dos-à-dos, and a new door had been erected, making an office of the adjoining suite. Paul defiantly pounded on the door, though he knew he wasn't even supposed to be in this office-cum-foyer. Hey Mac, that area is off limits now, one of the janitors had explained to Paul, whose punch card was already scuffed and bent from being tried in all the newly locked doors that metamorphosed the building into the impregnable Egyptian tomb its lotus trumeaux had always bragged it was. The janitor had diffused Paul's evident rage when he punched his own card, as payback he said, for the five bucks he'd won off last week's fight. I wouldn't mind if you gave that new landlord a good right hook anyways, Slugger. But here he was, pounding on the door instead of the landlord.

A scratchy electric voice, like those at the larger boxing arenas warned that unappointmented queries may result in fees or even termination of the lease, and Paul argued with it momentarily about the appropriateness of his visit until he slipped the note under the door. The rent envelope came on the 28th of every month, and this one had contained instructions on how to contact the landlord for a lease review. Why the lease needed reviewing was second among Paul's concerns, which were dominated by the improbable restrictions on his options for an appointment: Anytime after 4pm on a business day before this month's rent is due.

"Mr. ben Muhammad will see you now," said the speaker.

The suite was air-conditioned—a luxury even for such a fine apartment building. The secretary directed Paul around the corner to the landlord's relaxation chamber. The conversation did not go well. Paul spoke, facing away from the landlord, who lounged in a freestanding washbasin, smoking from a long meerschaum pipe whose smoke did a better job keeping away the flies than the peacock plume he switched them with. Ben Muhammad sat quietly until Paul had exhausted his lexis in a jeremiad plea that touched on the wedding, elderly parents, and the potential for injuries in his line of work.

"Please return to the foyer while I consider your case, Mr. Stein," said ben Muhammad.

Paul did as he was asked to, but he found himself scratching the extravagant gold leafwork from one of the dos-à-dos's arms. The repetitive motion calmed him.

"You will be billed for defacing the furniture," the secretary's voice itched over the loudspeaker. "This fiancée you mentioned; she lives with you here, does she? In that case, we will have to relocate one of you to the nearest vacant apartment until after the wedding. You will, of course continue to pay the increased rates. If you are unwilling to comply with the rules of this building, you are encouraged move into any of the other East Central apartment buildings, some of which retain independent management. That will be all, Mr. Stein."

"Excuse me?"

"One moment Mr. Stein…Mr. ben Mohammad says that he will be claiming your fiancée as well."

"Just what...?"

"Mr. Stein," it was ben Muhammad's voice this time. "Because of the problems you've caused here today, your tenancy has been terminated. The lease will be transferred to the name of Miss Landis. She will stay here with me, where you may trust that she will be in good hands."

"Just who in hell do you think you are?"

"Sir, please try to understand. She is mine. Since before you were born, I've dwelt on that face. I realize you love her, but I loved her first. You see, when my father brought me to New York as a boy, the beauty of American women astounded me. But there was one in particular. Her name was Honey. The wife of Milt Landis, her face caused my heart to weep. It was the memory of that face which I followed back to your country. Now, I've seen that face again, and it is Holly, the daughter of Milt and Honey Landis. She will be my bride. Please leave the premises now. Do not attempt to reenter your apartment."

"That will be all Mr. Stein," concluded the secretary.

On the way out, Paul regretted not provoking the guards who stood by to see that he boarded the elevator to the lobby. As he stepped out the front door, a voice sounded from above.

"Hey, you're the sparrer. Pauler the Mauler, right?" An overalled man squatted on the top rung of a ladder, holding a pile of gold foil in one hand, and a jar of glue with a paintbrush jutting from it in the other. He spoke with a British accent. "Do you live here?"

"Not anymore."

"That's too bad. I suppose you don't like the management? Well, a lot of folks round here feel that way. I can't say as I share the opinion, though. If it weren't for Mr. Mohammed, I wouldn't have a job. My family and me flew all the way from Norwich and Mr. ben Muhammad paid for the Zeppelin tickets. He says he's going to make these apartments into Utopia. I feel like I'm working for the pharaoh himself."

Paul threw his body against the ladder and lifted the little man by his collar. Several onlookers fled, but one of them—the janitor from upstairs—swung a fist at the air.

Paul bloodied the artist's nose and lips, dropped him and boxed his ears; he would have killed the man if he hadn't seen the Tommie-gun-wielding guards appear. As he left the chaotic scene, he looked over his shoulder and the janitor shouted out. "Way to go slugger," he said, only to be beaten and dragged off by a gang of security guards.

Another guard hollered, "Cut him off, he's heading across the street."

Paul and Holly were supposed to meet at the foot of the Empire State Building, but there was little chance ben Muhammad would allow that to happen, so instead Paul hopped a jittery trolley into Jewish Harlem. Ghetto faces lined with cracks stared at Paul, like ancient pottery sitting alongside a museum reproduction designed to imitate the beauty of newness. Mrs. Stein's tenement was infested with age, from the ladies with pepper pot figures to the tall-hatted Hassidic men who discussed philosophy over chess. Even the Irish boys who played stickball out front seemed oddly wise for their age. Paul had grown up here, but he felt he had pampered away his street wisdom. He no longer belonged.

"What should I do, ma?"

"Stay here with me. Holly will know where to find you."

It took Paul a few days to realize that his mother was wrong. He had taken out his anger in the boxing ring. He told his mother of the Micks and Negroes he had beaten, no doubt winning his fans more than a few dollars. He didn't mention the Jewish boxer that would never again be able to bite into a fresh apple with his own teeth because of Paul's callused fists. One night, Paul went back to the apartment building dressed in his late father's ragged work clothes. Paul and Holly's apartment was on the seventh floor, and he could barely make out shapes moving in the golden light. He stared for nearly half an hour before he saw Holly poke her head out the window. He shouted up to her, but she didn't seem to hear.

"Paul the Maul! You don't look so good, slugger."

The janitor had a huge can of garbage that he dragged towards the alley. He said that ben Muhammad had allowed him to keep his job after he had promised not to talk to a single person while on duty. In the quiet of the alley, they talked about Holly's coming and going and the increase in modern conveniences, and the accompanying increase of security at the building. The whole place was air conditioned now, and the elevators were automated, but many of the tenants had been evicted to make room for newcomers who could afford the forbidding rent. Paul told the janitor that he was afraid ben Muhammad was holding his fiancée against her will.

"There's a fellow might be able to help you," said the janitor. "He's a rabbi."

Paul's mother was shocked. "Rabbi Samson's only a rabbi in title. The man is a lush. Don't you go near him." It turned out that Samson was a lascivious whoremonger who was rumored to masturbate at the talkie theaters. "Uncut Samson," they called him. He was, however, also a renowned mystic and that's what made up Paul's mind. Nobody doubted the Rabbi's powers.

After a particularly bloody match, Paul delivered himself to a doorway lit by a gas torch that stood below street level only two blocks from his mother's apartment building. The door had a bronze plate inscribed with Hebrew letters. With the streaked green corrosion and Paul's limited knowledge of Yiddish, he could only tell that it said something like "All Are Welcome."

Samson was a fat and greasy slob whose once-exquisite accommodations had been used beyond their capability, and now exuded a pungent fetor that seemed to waft out of the holes in the carpeting. The Rabbi glanced at Paul senior's clothing and said, "You can't afford my prices." Paul told him that there was plenty of money in the ring for anyone tough enough to claim it. Samson laughed at the implied threat, but waved him inside anyway.

"I know of Israel ben Muhammad. He's obsessed with himself, like most of the world's better men. Your fiancée would be well off to stay with him rather than a low-born boxer from the ghetto." Samson left him alone long enough to reconsider his decision, but before Paul's mind could make sense of these awful circumstances, the Rabbi emerged from behind a curtain-wall. "It is done. The girl will be yours. Now give me whatever money you have and go away."

Paul didn't know what to expect, if anything, but he couldn't stand to waste time in actionless wondering, so he walked as fast as he could to the apartment building whose neo-Egyptian façade dripped silver rain like mercury in the bright moonlight. Holly was there, waiting in the alley. She was silent. Paul tried to talk to her, but she seemed not to know him. She didn't respond at all unless she was asked a direct question or given a command.

"Are you okay?"

"Yes."

"What's happened to you?"

"I don't know."

He told Holly she would have to come with him, but she followed at a snail's pace, and when he carried her, he wasn't able to move much faster.

The walk back to Harlem ended as the sun was rising over Mrs. Stein's apartment. Though he collapsed with exhaustion in his mother's spare bedroom, his mind was restless with angry confusion. Holly lay open-eyed next to him, and when Paul finally gave up the fight to keep his eyes closed, she accompanied him arm-in-arm through the foggy morning street.

The Rabbi's door appeared to be stout but it only took one solid blow to unhinge it completely, allowing a cold draft to douse candles and to bear scrolls off tables. Uncut Samson was taken by surprise, nude, piggish, and shaking, when Paul grabbed him by the arm, sinking strong fingers into the flab. A sucker punch to the face was stopped when Paul felt a paralyzing blow to his own spine.

"Stay out of this. I'm going to kill him for ruining my bride," said ben Muhammad in a fearsome voice.

Paul turned on ben Muhammad and they began a dirty wrestling match. However, their battle was not yet to be. The fleshy slap of each strike quieted to nothing while the apartment filled with thick incense smoke until both men collapsed in a desperate embrace. They awoke lashed together and suspended over a smokeless fire and immediately resumed the struggle against each other, and now against the ropes, and against the flame.

"I will pay you," ben Muhammad yelled in between curses, "Holly, go get the money in my safe." Paul stopped slamming his skull against the other man's in time to see her run out the open door. Holly's departure left both men relieved enough to stop struggling. "If you think I want Miss Landis's body, you're mistaken. Soon, I'll have the body to take the women I wasn't strong enough to take in this body. I'm glad you both showed up here, but it's a pity that a golem fit for a wizard has to be wasted." He swung a lumpy arm towards an unrealistically muscular clay sculpture of ben Muhammad. "It took a long time to find a body sturdy enough to suit my tastes." He stroked the arm of the sculpture, and snickered. "You should be thankful. This magnificent creature is beyond value. It was fashioned in 1654 by Dutch Jews, fleeing the Portuguese in South America. They offered it to the Governor of New Amsterdam to protect the city from the Swedes, but instead he arrested the Jews and put the golem up for auction. It sat in a Brooklyn root cellar for nearly three hundred years until I found it. Soon, the two of you will fulfill the purpose of watching over this city—my city—at my bidding. You will inhabit a body with quite a pedigree, I'd say. Personally, I would rather have the real thing." Samson's cheeks reddened and he approached the men, gazing away from their eyes. "When I have your body Mr. Stein, I'll be as strong as my golem, but still human enough to enjoy it. And when I have your face, Mr. ben Muhammad, I will control your wealth. How much are you worth? Millions? Billions? As I said, it is a lucky coincidence for me that you have both decided to show up just as I'm begining my ritual." Samson began chanting in a tongue neither of the men would have recognized by name. He bent himself and fanned the flames with his hands as he alternated between prayer and silence in cyclic rhythms. On one cycle, he looked up and addressed the two men. "Have you ever heard the tale of Gilgamesh, who would split a baby in half so that two fighting women could share motherhood?"

"Isn't that the story of Solomon?" Said ben Muhammad "Shut up," The corners of Samson's mouth turned slightly downward and his eyes widened. "I told you each that you would have sole power over this woman, and I never rescind a promise." "Don't kill her, please," said Paul

Samson waited for the end of the chant to reply. "Idiots, you think I would kill your girl? You two can continue your fight over her as long as you like, for all it matters to me. Killing is a sin."

The rising flames drew Paul's eyes. He could see now that they were hanging above a burning bush. "Lord God," he screamed, "please help me!" Rabbi Samson laughed. "Yahweh," he addressed the bush by God's ancient name.

"What do you require of me, great Samson?"

"Give me the wealth of the oil baron and the strength of the boxer."

"Shall I cast their souls into hell?"

"No," he said even as his body was being reshaped, "I would like you to ensoul the golem doubly."

As he spoke, the fat seemed to melt from Rabbi Samson's body, and his skin seemed to darken, become more youthful. Paul had trouble focusing on the Rabbi. The scene became a jumble of images and he could see his own body from the outside, writhing in exact complement to ben Muhammad's. He could see both of their bodies starting to dissolve into a wisp of smoke over the burning bush. Soon, the Rabbi's body stopped its distortion and solidified into a chimera of the two vanished captives. Paul could tell he was still in the room, though he had watched his own body fade out of existence along with ben Muhammad's. He tried to move stiff limbs, but they felt clunky and he seemed unable to decide which way to move. His emotions too were a jumble. They were still filled with hate for Samson and love for Holly, and hate for ben Muhammad. But there was self-loathing now as well. Ben Muhammad was present inside him.

"Yahweh, partition the golem." With the Rabbi's words, the chaotic admixture of souls ended in pain. A line burned down the center of the clay form, singeing both souls and demarking a boundary that kept ben Muhammad in the left and Paul in the right.

"Enjoy your prison, children. I'm off to dabble in real estate." The Rabbi tore down the curtains and cloaked his new body with them, leaving the apartment through the still-open doorway.

Paul tried to stand, but he only had control over his—the golem's—right leg. The left was still. "Damn it," he said out of the right side of his mouth. "You damned idiot. If it wasn't for your greed, I'd have my wife and you'd have your riches." He began punching the left side of his face, chipping greenware knuckles and cheek. The left arm tried to do the same to the right side, and the golem struggled with itself until both eyes wept in tearless despair.

Eventually, the left side of the golem's mouth said, "Stop it! Stop it, Mr. Stein."

The left arm flung itself limply to the side while the right continued to work at destroying them both, pounding deep cracks in the hand and wrist, neck and face.

"I really do love her."

"You don't know what love is," said Paul bitterly. He took a breath and put the hand to his forehead, feeling dust and bits of clay slough off underneath his fingers.

The golem sat solemnly in front of the smokeless fire.

"Help me. All I want is to hold my Holly again, even under these circumstances," said the right side of the Golem.

"What can I do? Robbed of my body and rendered in clay, what good can I be?" asked the left.

"I don't know. I can't think. I can't do anything—I can't even cry," said the right.

"Can this god of yours help?" asked the left.

Paul considered this for a moment. God wasn't supposed to be Scene of his vocabulary. He was a man of the flesh; a man of the fist.

"Of course!" Paul started to lean forward with the right side of the golem's body, and ben Muhammad followed his lead with the left. The fire rose at the movement. "Yahweh, help us. Give Holly her free will back."

"I have made a covenant to give each of you command over the girl's will. I cannot breach that covenant." "Then, please give us back our bodies."

"As I said, I cannot contravene a covenant once made. Only Rabbi Samson can give you back your bodies. Perhaps I can help you in some other way."

"If you can't restore our souls, what can you do for us?" Asked Paul.

"I must do whatever you command that is within my power."

"Then give this body the strength to overcome Rabbi Samson, Yahweh," said ben Muhammad.

The flames grew, and with them the golem's body. Over the fire, the golem took on a vitreous sheen. The surface became covered with glass scales and the bulk continued to expand. Soon, the ceiling bowed against the golem's shoulders. Then it broke and debris fell from the upper levels of the old building into the basement. The fire consumed it all, and the golem had to step away to keep from hardening into bisque. As the golem grew greater and greater, the partition grew thinner and thinner, stretching imperceptibly thin between the two souls.

* * *

It was in that fire that my story begins. Though the Rabbi had divided me in two, I had to work as one being. Oftentimes, I wish I had continued to grow and grow until my body formed a world unto itself. Alas, that was not to be. I was compelled towards the glass and steel pinnacle where my lover would be opening a money-clotted safe on an upper floor. I stumbled and fell along the way, rending ironwork and bits of pavement under my weight. By this time, my feet were the size of trolley cars, my stride the length of a city block. I walked to where the shadow of the Empire State Building pierced the daylight on the street. People fled in terror before me, but by then I didn't care. My cares were torn between love and hate briefly, when I saw the tiny Rabbi scurry for cover into one of the East Central apartment buildings. I ignored him and grasped at the Empire State Building with an enormous hand, breaking windows and bending steel. I climbed until I could look with my left eye into the office where Holly carefully removed money from the safe without emotion or haste.
"Holly," my voice was hoarse and inhuman, large as a nation, but she responded anyway. "Come here," I said.

I wrapped one arm around the side of the building so that I could lift the other and give Holly somewhere to stand. She obeyed my every word, climbing out the window into my giant clay hand. As she did so, the building started tipping and screeching. I stepped down in time to back away and watch it fall like a tree, tiny people diving hopelessly from the windows. The collapse obliterated all of the East Central apartment buildings in one long, billowing crunch. The city was alive with sirens going every which way, and maybe no one noticed when I took a deep breath and did a backstroke into the cold Atlantic with Holly—or the mindless body that bore that name—sitting comfortably on my chest.

* * *

As I write this, the waves of the Atlantic are still crashing on gently sloping shores, though the shoreline has receded and the ocean has been split into two strings of slushy salt puddles running along either side of a vast mountain range. New York city is now long gone, as are the ever changing peoples of that ghetto called Harlem. When the sun has expanded and scorched me to a frozen statue, you may find my body on the peak of a mountain that was once an island. There, I will be lying alongside a pile of ashes that were once the bones of my dear Holly. But before I retreat into my private eternity, I must complete my tale…

The golem switched hands with the petrified mangrove tree he'd been using as a writing utensil, and then started a new column of inscription. "In glory to the Prophet (blessings be upon him), I write this tale in a sincere attempt to inform the reader—should there be a reader—of the true history of my creation, if it is Allah's will that I finish before the end-times sun undoes the magic that made me or bakes my limbs into useless branches…"

The End

Author's Afterward: So, what's your personal "Land of Milt and Honey"

<<<END OF STORY / START OF NEXT>>>


TITLE: Nellibeth
(c) 2012 by Nathan McKnight
A shorter version of this story was originally published in "For the Love of Ponies", an anthology of Bronies stories, published in 2012 by Kazaa press. The only review of this story that I've seen contained the greatest compliment: "Arguably doesn't belong in this book". No shade to the bronies, and I'm thankful for the publication credit, but really this story isn't aimed at bronies in particular. I hope they liked it anyway! The full review of the story is in the afterward below. The full story is available on Kindle. 








	I could tell Poula was hiding something. I knew that look, that guarded play-it-straight look. I'd practiced for hours in front of the mirror trying to erase that same look from my own face. 
	“So, you grew up right here on a cattle conservatory?” She gestured with hands covered in dirt. 
“More or less,” I said. “Gene's my uncle--we've always just called him him Unc. I think I was in the third grade when I moved in with him. Been ranching ever since.” I jammed the trowel into the ground and let my haunches settle into the dirt. 
“I like it,” she said. “I bet the woods are beautiful in the fall.” 
She had put a daisy behind her ear. The flower was a strange intruder against her pale-olive cheeks and coaly eyeliner. 
“So, you're going to buy it?” I asked.
“I wouldn't have spent the last hour helping you put in a flower bed if I wasn't going to stay and enjoy the flowers.” She made a sort of snurf noise that must've been a laugh. 
“You got a deal worked out with Unc?” She made a noncommittal head-shrug. Of course not, I thought. Unc would get my go-ahead before he did anything firm. “You don't much look like a rancher,” I said. 
Snurf. “Well. I raise animals sort of.” She stopped as if that were a satisfactory answer and looked down at her hands, awkwardly packing in a row of phloxes. 
I wanted to like her, but something triggered my suspicion reflex. I didn't think she was a sinkfarm scout--we'd had a handful of those come through already, wanting to strip the land, put in carbon repositories. She didn't seem right, but she didn't seem that sort of wrong. Their shiftiness usually had a missionary quality about it, trying too hard to make a good impression on everybody, not content with taking your land, they had to convince you of their holy mission too. Hers was much more of a skittish shiftiness.
“Look,” I said. “Me and Unc, we just want to see the ranch in good hands. While we've been running the conservatory here, we've always sheparded the land carefully. We let the wild plants and animals do their thing and we make sure the pastures and gardens don't dick up the wilderness too much. So, tell me what you've got planned and I'll tell you if we can do business. Unc'll back me up.”
She brushed the loamy soil off her hands and frowned. “Fair enough,” she said. And after another of her interminable pauses, she said, “Do you know much about...I guess you'd call it...meattech?”
I laughed out loud. “You've got to be kidding,” I said. 
“Look, if you don't want to--” But I cut her off.
“No, no. It's okay. Why didn't you just say so? Here I was thinking you were some kind of prospector.”
“Me? A prospector? Hardly.” She wiped her face with her wrist, leaving a smudge along her graceful jaw. “So...you're okay with me doing tissue engineering here?”
“Okay? Hell, we've been synthies for years. I would've showed you the vats in the shed, except that tends to scare away some buyers.”
“You do tissue engineering out here?”
“You can't not. I mean, we keep it to a minimum, but it's practically illegal to sell truly organic meats anymore.”
	“And that doesn't bother you?” she asked with raised eyebrows.
“Mmmm--ten years ago, you might've gotten some argument from me, back when the regulations were first creeping in. It was a hard transition, especially for old-timers like Unc. But anymore, hardly a day goes by we're not taking core samples so we can tweak the mix.”
“Core samples? That's you call it?” She snurfed herself into a full-snort laugh. “Cow core samples? Ha! You're terrible.” 
She shook her head and scrunched her nose like I'd made a horrible pun, but a full-face smile split her lips and her dark eyes skewered me. 
I spread my hands and did a little head bow. “Glad to be of some amusement.” 
“So...you'll put in a good word for me with your uncle?”
“We'll see,” I said with a wink. 
“Well. Thank you. I'm glad we got that cleared up, but unfortunately it's about time for me to head back home,” she said. “Let me give you my card. I teach classes at Nutrielle. I'm not sure how applicable it would be for a ranch lab, or even if you want to keep up with tissue work after you sell the place, but if you're interested...”
“Moi?” I said, taking the card. 
After she rinsed her hands under the brittle old garden hose, she said, “I don't suppose I could bother you for a lift to the train station?” 
#
On the way back to the ranch, I kept thinking back to the smiles she gave me as we planted together. Poula was young, no more than about twenty, and maybe I was reading her wrong, but I swear there was something between us.
When I pulled back up the gravel drive, I saw the flowerbed she'd helped me finish. The front, where Poula had worked was precise, meticulous. In the back of the bed, along the barn wall, her neat ranks of peonies gave way to my free-form clots of lambs' ears and wildflowers. 
Unc was sitting on the astroturfed front steps, sipping soda from a juice glass. 
“Nice work,” said Unc, waving the glass at the flowers. “Although, your half's a little messy.”
	“Ain't that the truth,” I said. “You're looking pretty rough yourself, old man.”
“That's 'cause I'm old. What's your excuse?”
I flipped the John Deere cap off his head when I walked in the door and chuckled as I left him cursing in the twilight. 
When I got inside, I examined the card she'd given me. It was a classy translucent white with a repeating threedi of a butter knife slowly slicing through a steaming fillet mignon. It read:  
	Poula E. Santiban
Nutritional Tissue Consultant
Serving the Five Burroughs of New York
Teladdress: @SantaPoula2033
Scribbled on the back, in pen that made the animation fizzle and crack:
@NutrielleLLC
#
	I left a message in Nutrielle's callbox as soon as I got inside, but my phone immediately chirped back an auto-reply telling me all the classes were filled. 
When Unc came in, clutching the hat, I wiped the frown off my face and asked, “How'd it go?” 
He made a humorless snort, and said “Well, it seemed like they might take the financial hardship claim seriously until her attourney brought up the fact that I'm selling the ranch. He'd printed off a bunch of those classifieds we took out. The judge said he'd consider the request again in six months.” 
“That's good news,” I said, trying to cheer him up. “All we have to do is not make the sale, then I'm sure he'll grant us an exemption and we can put it all behind us.” 
“Maybe,” he said, shaking his head. “But that's not the point. Y--we owe her,” he said, the frustration in his voice apparent. He should have said, almost did say: You owe her. 
I couldn't say anything to that, so I just said, “I'm going for a ride.”
“It'll be dark soon, Mac. Come on. What are you thinking?” 
“I know, I know. But that's just it. I have to do some thinking,” I said.
“You ain't been drinkin, have you?”
“Never touch the stuff,” I said.
“Uh-huh,” he said. “Go ahead then. I can't stop you.”
#
The spring air had cooled off, and I could see my breath and hers as I saddled and mounted old Nellibeth. I trotted her out to the tree-edge. 
Nellibeth knew the drill. She brayed and launched herself into the woods, arrowing between the trunks of the dewy oaks. Moon-stippled litter crunched underhoof as she deftly cantered over roots and rocks. She moved quick, and I had to hold my body hunched like a motorcycle racer to keep from getting hit by low-hanging vines. I didn't need to see where we were going. That was Nellibeth's job.
When Unc had first brought this beautiful brindled mare home from a 4-H meeting, I'd wanted to name her Nelly--after Nelly Square, who sang the theme to Adirondack & Quentin, my favorite twodi kidstoon at the time. Unfortunately, it happened to be the one weekend a month when my step-cousin, Rayne was visiting, and Rayne had thrown a hissy. For some reason, she'd wanted to call the horse Beth, and the two of us ended up in a muddy brawl over which one of us was Unc's real kid, even though we knew damn well he wasn't really either of our dads. 
Unc had split the proverbial baby and christened our new mare Nellibeth. 
The moonlight broke wide through the trees when we came upon the creek. The wild in Nellibeth broke out, as it always did. I loostened her reins and held tight to the gullet as she galloped through shallow water. The splashes gleamed, sparkling in the corners of my wind-watering eyes.
Nellibeth slowed after a time and grazed in a marshy sandbar. When I rode at night, I usually allowed my mind to wander where it would, and usually I allowed Nellibeth to lead the way. But tonight, it happened that Nellibeth was wandering away from the creek, starting to descend one of the numerous slopes towards The Way I Didn't Ever Want To Go Again; the path where I had my drunk horseback riding accident so long ago. It sounds funny to say it that way, but it's a serious matter. Serious as a dead cousin, sister, lover. 
I yanked the reins, and Nellibeth slowed her descent down the Oak Hill path until she was moving slow enough that I could turn her around. 
And as far as my mind was concerned, I didn't want to think about anything but the little animated card I'd left on my dresser, and the way Poula's dark eyes had pinned mine when she'd given it to me.  
#
As usual, Unc was sitting over the old threedi set when I got up, still in his longjohns. There was a Steelers game on, and he pounded his knee with the heel of his hand, sipping his a Budweiser straight from the pouch and yelling at the little players who faded in and out as they dashed across the worn metal screen. 
“A little early for a beer, don'tcha think?” I said.
	“You're one to talk.” 
	He leered at me as I plodded into the kitchen to make a pot of coffee. When I went to fill up the coffee machine's reservoir I saw that, out of habit, I'd left my phone on the sink window sill. Poor thing chirped plaintively because it wasn't getting enough sunlight there this late in the spring and the battery was about dead. 
I scrolled through my messages as the pot was brewing. Calls about the ranch had picked up. Most of the teleddresses were unlisted, probably scouts, so I reflexively deleted them. I didn't want to see the place go into a sinkfarmer's hands. A couple of the messages were private numbers, and I almost started listening to them just as the coffee maker finished dripping. 
Fuck it, I thought. 
“I don't want any y'all to have it,” I muttered and emptied my callbox, then poured myself a mug of coffee and had a breakfast of a couple spicy dill pickle spears and a week-old powdered donut. Afterwards, I went out to the shed. 
Our setup was just a little cubby with a fume hood and fan. There was a twodi screen sprayed onto the dusty wood, hooked up  to a cracked glass pane for magnifying, but we never used them anymore. Marred by white scum, a small window afforded a view of “the Fleet,” as Unc called our herd, studding the hill behind the horse stable. We used to corral them up over the hill to the Knudsen's place for slaughter but Dale closed shop a couple years back and now we had to pay to truck them out to Oneida. I pulled the long syringe tips out of the dewar flask, noticing I'd need to head into town to top off the nitrogen soon.
Me and Unc didn't do much as far as tissue engineering was concerned, just seeding a few core samples with engineered cell lines and innoculating the cattle a couple times a year to keep their meat uniform and lean. I had only once made a batch of fully synth steaks. 
When he was gearing up for the switchover, Unc had first bought the wrong starter kit and we had a bunch of unused armatures and nutrient mixes laying around for a while. Eventually, I'd figured I'd give it a shot and see how they'd turn out. After a week's work, I'd had a gross of tenderloins ready for slicing. Unfortunately, they didn't turn out picture perfect like the ones stamped out by the millions in the industrial labs. We froze a couple to eat ourselves, and slapped the rest with an Artisinal label. They didn't sell that well, but at least it hadn't been a total loss. I snapped the cores onto the agar-loaded syringes and put them in the incubator. Tomorrow was the big day. 
A couple of the town boys who had helped us in the past were coming over to give us a hand wrangling the cattle, but we'd probably still have to drive over to the hardware store and pick up some day labor. It would be a good opportunity to top of the nitrogen.
I was lugging the dewar onto the bed of my pickup when Unc came running out, waving something in the air. 
“Mac!” he shouted. “Get over here. Don't make your old man run.” 
This was as excited as I'd seen him in years. 
I figured the Steelers must've won, but he panted, “It's that girl. Says she's been trying to get a hold a you all day. You shadowed your phone again, dint'ya? Anyway, she wants'ta make an offer but said she had to talk to you first.” He handed me the phone he'd been waving wildly, and jabbed a finger towards me, saying “You make sure this doesn't fall through. This is your recompense young man.” 
Poula? Trying to get a hold of me? I sat the dewar down and took the phone, shaking. I hadn't realized until that moment how much of an impression she'd made on me. I'd barely talked to a girl since Rayne passed away.
“Hi, MacElray?” she said. “So, I was glad to see you called about the classes. Your name's on my wait list for next semester, but I wanted to tell you...there's an opening in a special training class I'm running here for employees of one of our subsidiaries, and I figured since you already had some experience, you'd fit right in. They're all from different branches and they're all relative new-hires, so you could even audit the class for free and nobody would be the wiser.” 
“Um,” I was a little foggy-headed and I wasn't sure how to reply. 
“Sure, I guess. Yeah.” I said.
“Great. Show up at the Nutrielle building at eight sharp. You know where it is?”
“Wait, tomorrow?”
“Yeah, sorry. I forgot. That's the only catch. But this could be a really good thing for you. It might even be a foot in the door here or at BetaSynth, or wherever.”
“I wish I could, but I can't make it into the city tomorrow. We've got a lot of work lined up on the ranch,” I said.
“Oh, okay.” She sounded disappointed. “Well...think about it. If you show up, you're in. If not... Maybe some other time, I guess.” 
There was a long silence, then we both tried to speak at once. “Um...I was going to ask you to join me for dinner afterwards.”
“Wow,” I said, astonished. 
“Don't answer now. Just think about it, okay?” 
“Yeah,” I said. “Okay.”
	Another long pause, then I said, “Unc says you wanted to make an offer on the ranch?”
	“Oh, right. I, um...” And just then, the usual hesitation which I'd almost started to appreciate in her voice turned a corner and that skittish shiftiness came back. 
	She said, “I'm not a hundred percent certain, but I, I think I can offer seven-fifty, with maybe twenty percent down. The thing is, I've got some...research and they're going to buy it and usually they pay so much and they really like my work and I've got a meeting lined up and...well, I should know in the next couple days.”
	“Alright,” I said, again at a loss for words. 
“We'll talk about it tomorrow,” she said. “Either on the phone or, I hope, over dinner.”
#
?	Unc threw a fit when I told him I wanted to go into the city while he was here inoculating the Fleet. 
“What do you mean you're going to the city?” He said. “You can't leave me here to run the inoculation alone. I don't care how many extra hands we hire, I can't lead them all on my own. We don't keep the Fleet in shape, we don't make our money, we don't fix up the property, we don't sell the property. You don't get it. It's important, son.”
“That's why I'm doing it, Unc. That's why I'm going. Because she wants to buy the farm and she wants to talk about it over dinner,” I yelled. “Don't make it about me and you. So yeah, I'm going.” 
“Bull. Shit. What kind of dinner lasts all day long, MacElray? This ain't about the ranch, or she'da made a for real offer already. And this sure in hell ain't about you and me, Mac. This is about you. Just you. So, fine. Fine! Go.” 
I pushed over the dewar and let its contents sizzle out, sending ice-cold steam across the gravel.
“I'm takin the fuckin horse out,” I said.
#
This time, me and Nellibeth rode all the way down the creek to Oak Hill path and kept going. It was still early, and though my memories were crisp, the midday sun had the effect of washing out some of the pain. During the day, it was just a thing that had happened. At night...
I shook it off. I remembered the late steed Peanut Butter, after me and Rayne and Lizzie had ridden through the creek. The horses shaking off in the clearing here, sending water over the three of us. 
Me and Rayne used to sneak Budweisers out of Unc's fridge in the barn whenever she visited. Usually, the two of us got drunk and took turns daring one another to climb on the roof of the stable or run buck naked through the cow pasture. But Lizzie was younger, and when we offered her a Bud, she must've been afraid to touch the alcohol stash of a man who was, after all, a stranger to her. Rayne followed her friend's lead and I'd just figured more for me.
Night riding is always a blast, but the alcohol had raised the lid for me. It was ecstatic. When we broke out into the starlit creek, with stars made of water flying by on both sides, and real stars above reflecting in the water below...
It was like flying through space. 
After the horses shook off, we dismounted to wipe our faces with our hands and some kind of drunk humor made me want to fingerpaint with mud all over Nellibeth's flank—I think I'd been thinking something like, see if you can shake this off. Well, she shook alright. 
Lizzie got down, ducked right under Nellibeth. Stupid. Nellibeth sat right down on top of her, and although I heard the popping crack that might have been her collar bone, I hadn't recognized it for what it was, and I couldn't help but burst into laughter. Rayne had tried to pull her friend out, but Nellibeth had other plans. She rolled over, smashing Lizzie's face into the mud and knocking Rayne onto the rocks, unconscious. The mare had wiggled around on her back until she was satisfied she'd gotten all the mud off, then stood and trampled Lizzie as she ran off into the darkness.
Even in my drunken stupor, I knew better than to move Lizzie. She'd been broken up too bad. I didn't think to check if she was breathing. I just lugged Rayne onto Peanut Butter and rode back to the ranch as fast as I dared.
Me and Unc had left Rayne on the porch and called an ambulance, then we'd gone off on foot to get Lizzie. 
After I don't know how long hiking--all the while Unc muttering about how he should've put a goddamn lock on that goddamn refrigerator--we found the spot and when we shined a flashlight in Lizzie's face, we saw her mouth and nose jam-packed with mud. She was clearly dead. Until Rayne passed on after more than a year in and out of a coma, Lizzie was the only dead body I'd seen. She's still the one that haunts me.
The next day, we'd discovered that Peanut Butter had suffered a broken leg somewhere along the way. Nellibeth didn't turn up for three days. We'd found her grazing in the cow pasture, listless and bothered, but completely clean.
You'd be surprised at how much paperwork there is these days when a large animal dies, but me and Unc had gone through it all together, and I think it even brought us a little closer together. The other deaths, we didn't talk about.
I broke myself out of my memories, and let Nellibeth find her own way home. After I got her back into her stable, I made a call to Dale Knudsen's son, Rick. He agreed to give Unc a hand with the inoculation, waving off any notion of payment. Me and Ricky used to be buddies, and he'd spent plenty of time helping out here, not to mention working for years on his own dad's ranch. 
He'd be a more than a passable substitute for me. Besides, I think Unc was always fond of Ricky, so I figured they'd be happy to see each other again. I hoped that would take some of the sting away from my abdication. 
When I told Unc, he seemed satisfied, but said: “Alright, go to the class. But could you try to be back early enough to swing by Tanninger's for a nitrogen refill? The account's in your name, so I don't think me or Ricky can do that without you.”
I nodded and pulled on my dusty brown leather jacket. I stayed silent all the way out the door, my anger from the argument dulled but not forgotten.  
#
The Nutrielle building was a small shard of glass, lost among all the more famous spires of the Manhattan skyline. When I showed up, Poula checked me off on her list like the other few students who arrived at the same time, even asking my last name, though she must've known it perfectly well. 
“Welcome, Mr. Dresch,” she said in a professional tone. Only the barest hint of a smirk let me know that she even recognized me.  
In the classroom, Poula wasted no time.
“Okay guys,” she said. There was a dozen or so of us, and at thirty-five, I'm pretty sure I was the oldest. “You all have some experience or BetaSynth wouldn't have hired you, but I'm sure there's a wide range so let me know if I'm going too fast.”
The class was being held in a sterile white conference room covered in deactivated threedi screens. The room's only character came from a few scuffs on the floor and a plastic plate, knife, and fork at each seat. The plates each bore a beige paper cone, and I swear it looked like a we were preparing to eat dunce caps for breakfast.
“On the table in front of you,” announced Poula, “you'll find a sample of edible synthetic flesh. Go ahead and take a look. Smell it, touch it, taste it.” 
Poula's demeanor shocked me a bit. Her halting sentences and awkward intonations were gone and she spoke with a force and certainty beyond her years. It reminded me of the way Unc used to talk to me and Rayne when I we were young. I lifted the cover on my sample and poked at the synthmeat. It was pale, mushy. I cut off as thin a slice as I could manage with the tiny plastic knife and fork. 
“Don't eat too much now. You're sharing. Okay, so who thinks--” she started. 
The flesh in my mouth had a chemically, acrid flavor, so I raised my hand right away to tell her mine was the flawed sample. 
 “I haven't even finished asking the question,” she said with her little snurf. “A little over-eager, are we? I was going to say, who thinks they have a good sample?”
I looked around, embarassed, but nobody else put up their hand.
“Good,” she said. “Every single one of these has something wrong with it. Too much EDTA, too little EDTA, not enough synth blood, too much fat, too long on the armeture, poor l-sally ratio.”
This isn't too bad, I thought. Nothing more complicated than the booklet that came with Unc's acidentally-purchased synth kit.
“Under each plate, you'll find a card listing the sample's vitals,” she said. “Taste them all, do a mental analysis, and see if you can figure out what causes the off flavors, colors, textures. Make a note of what's wrong with it and how you know what's wrong with it.” 
Suddenly, I realized I was in over my head. I'd just picked up what little I knew from the tiny booklets and instructional videos that came with the Unc's farm synth kits--more than anything, I'd thrown myself into learning how to keep our meat up to code to get my mind off Rayne and that little girl Lizzie. I didn't know thing one about analyzing synthmeat for biochemical flaws. 
But I didn't want to embarass myself, so I played hung in there as best I could. 
Poula went on, apparently off the top of her head, barely taking a second to breath between sentences.
“Learn to recognize the signs of an off batch. You won't want your instruments be a crutch once you get on the line. When you walk into a lab, if you aren't tasting your work, you aren't doing your job,” she said. “Eventually, you'll be able to tell a bad batch by tasting the agar. But to start, you should come to work hungry every day. Alright guys, now rotate and do the same thing with the next sample.” 
Poula lectured almost non-stop the whole morning. She didn't seem to pay me any special attention, even though I tried to catch her eye every chance I got. The class rotated and tasted, sniffed and took notes, and Poula made the rounds. Each time she came by my station, she nodded and carefully avoided my gaze.
“Now that you've ruined your appetite, I see it's lunch time,” she said finally. “Break.”
	When the other students mingled and ate packed lunches, sinking into the cushy leather sofas in the building's lobby, I went to the restroom and made sure my collar was straight and my hair wasn't sticking up before perusing stiff portraits of Nutrielle executives while I waited to ask the receptionist where Poula's office was. 
	I found her in her sixth floor office, eating sliced apples and dulce de leche and sitting crosslegged in a big swivel chair behind an even bigger threedi desk, surrounded by little plastic vats and boxes marked with chemical safety infomration. 
“So,” I said, hoping I sounded more jovial than insecure, “did you already forget me?”
“Of course not,” she said with a smile. “But I can't play favorites in class. Close the door.”
I did as she asked, now feeling overwhelmed by jittery anxiousness. She asked if I was enjoying the class, and I told her I thought she was phenomenal. Her cheeks turned five shades of crimson.  
“Take a look at this,” she said, kicking off the desk and riding the chair across to the full-wall window behind her. For a second, I thought she was going to fly through the glass and plummet to the granite sidewalk, but she stopped herself gently and reached down into a large paper-towel-lined aquarium on the floor. Delicately, she coaxed a tiny black mouse into her cupped hand, then wheeled back to the desk.
“Cute,” I said. “What's his name?”
“This is Percy-2,” she said. All at once, her tone dropped nearly to a whisper. It was that same strange skittishness, only more...conspiratorial. 
“I made him,” she said, petting with her pinkie between his translucent pink ears.
“What's that?” I wasn't sure I'd heard right. ”Did you say you made him?”
She just nodded, biting her lip and pegging me with her eyes. The confusion must've been plain on my face, so she went on.
“Look, you and I, we both make tissue, right? On the farm, in the lab, what's the difference?” she said with a shrug, then went on, “Nothing, except that I have more equipment, more reagents. So, I can grow...more tissue.”
“But how did you...” How do I say this? “...h-how did you...put him together?”
“Well, not that long ago, we used to have to make whole synthetic organ systems to keep our synthflesh alive, before we got the gist of the nutrient baths and stuff. So, I was practically synthing whole organisms from the start. The first time I tried really going all the way, with Percy-1, I had to grow most of the organs seperately, suture everything together. P-One wasn't perfect, but he wasn't Frankenstein's monster either.”
“But he didn't survive?” I asked.
“Well, he lived five and a half years...that's a really long time for a mouse.”
“But you didn't suture this one together?” I asked.
“Nope,” she said. “I grew him in situ, using normal armatures--the new ones that dissolve on their own. I had to go through quite a few test runs. Fifty or a hundred maybe. Most of those failed because the I didn't monitor the circulatory system or the nervous system development closely enough, but I got better with each try.
“Now,” she said, “I can make the whole integrated animal, nerves, muscles, capillaries, everything--for the most part...well...almost indistinguishable from the real thing unless you're looking closely with a good magnification screen.”
I reached out and pet the little thing. Not completely indistinguishable, I thought. Not if you know what you're looking at anyway. 
On first glance, the only strange thing about it was the violet eyes. The ears were beautiful, completely symetrical right down to the tiny veinlets. If you didn't know this mouse was synth nose to tail, you might not think much of it, the closer I looked, the more I could tell there was something weird about the little guy. Some parts were too perfect, others weren't quite right. Its legs were slightly stunted, its ribs bowed out too wide. 
“I love the eyes,” I said.
“They're my signature,” she replied in a whisper.  
Hushing her tone even further, as though she were speaking to the mouse, she said, “You can see I still have some trouble with the bones. Y'know, nobody's ever really tried to grow bones before, never needed to. I think I'm the first. I'm ready to move on to larger animals.”
Those last words were just mouthed, nearly voiceless. And I...well, I was speechless. 
“You're amazing,” I said, feeling a fizzling tingle run up my back and over my shoulders. 
Her lips parted as if to speak, and in that moment, I was more attracted to her than any other girl I'd ever met, seen, or imagined. 
A knock on the door broke my reverie. 
“Oh, hey Doug,” she said, waving somebody in. 
Feeling out of place, I stood and nodded curtly at the stranger. He was a slight fellow, with a slack face and etchglass spectacles. I hadn't seen a pair of eyeglasses actually in use for years; he must've been waiting for corrective surgery. He couldn't have been too poor--the suit he wore was obviously tailored for his lank frame. He didn't introduce himself, and he barely looked at me, so I gave Poula a wave and an awkward wink and went to let myself out.
“Before you go,” she said, leaning forward to hand me a glossy piece of paper, “here's a flier for the restaurant. Meet me after class?”
When I took the flier, I brushed her sleeve and noticed it was damp. I recoiled slightly, but immediately forgot the surprise when I felt my face break into a shy smile. It felt very, very good to allow myself a little joy after spending so long cooped up in my own private Purgatory.
“See you there,” I said. 
	#
	I managed to get through the rest of class without embarassing myself, and without fretting too much over Poula's aloofness. Her apparent fondness of me buoyed my confidence and carried me through. 
	The flyer was a vidpaper scene of people laughing and using some kind of thin bread to scoop mush from a giant communal platter. Ras Kasar, it whispered in a sultry and accented androgynous voice, Finest Ethiopian cuisine. It didn't look all that appetizing to me, but when the video loop repeated and the food was again unveiled, the flyer emitted a rich, mouth-watering odor waft. 
	I fanned my face for a moment, enjoying the savory scent, then tapped a corner tab marked Get Directions. The scene faded and an ornate arrow appeared, briefly swinging back and forth before settling on a direction and displaying a distance. 
	The restaurant was a little under a mile away, and I spent the walk racking my brains to think of something to talk about besides the twin elephants in the room: Her offer on the ranch, and that mouse of hers. 
When I arrived, I was greeted by that same voluptuous scent and I told the maitre d' I needed a table for two. Poula was nowhere to be seen, and I couldn't resist the urge to check my appearance again, so I tossed my jacket over the little stool that the thin, jet-skinned young man led me to, and found my way down a mirror-wallpapered corridor to the restroom. I couldn't believe how giddy I was getting. In my excitement, I bumped a waiter and got something with a sweet buttery-spicy smell on my shirt. 
The stain paled and widened with the wiping and I cursed my clumsiness as I daubed my sleeve with a wet paper towel. I was preoccupied enough that I didn't notice the stranger come in and stand next to me.
Finally, the stranger said, “You wouldn't like Poula as much as you think you would.” 
I jerked my head up to see a dog-faced man with glasses in profile. His age seemed indeterminate, very youthful, but somehow worn. I guessed he must've been a teenager, cursed with unusually bad teeth and skin. He looked profoundly sad.
The boy stared forwards so that I could only make eye contact by looking a him in the mirror. Even if it weren't for the archaic etchglasses, I would've recognized his distinctive slouch, those droopy-joweled cheeks. 
“Excuse me?” I said, instinctively dropping into Unc's authoritative twang.
“She's better off alone,” he said, with a sad tone. 
Through my confusion, I mustered a reply: “Don't you think that's for...her to decide?” 
“No,” said the boy plainly. 
He turned, and when he pulled the restroom door open, I saw that his hand didn't open all the way and he walked with a limp. 
“You'd be better off leaving her alone,” he said as he departed.
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” I spat. 
But the boy was gone and the door thwacked shut leaving an echoing silence in its wake. I tried to shake offf the weird encouter and I cleaned my sleeve as best I could. Finally, I just rolled up my sleeves and hoped the stain wouldn't be too noticable.
Poula had found the tiny wicker table and sat on the stool across from my jacket. 
“I ordered a sampler for two,” she said as I sat. “I hope you don't mind.”
“No problemo,” I said, wondering if I should bring up the kid in the bathroom. “I've never had Ethiopian. Hell, I didn't even know they had food in Ethiopia,” I said. When she didn't laugh, I tried to make my comment seem more serious, saying: “You know, what with the war and all?”
She said nothing, just wiped her hands with the steaming towel that had been placed in front of her while I was up. I shrugged, then followed suit with the towel in front of me. It was piping hot, and while I wiped each finger, I tried to remember if I had figured out anything to talk about, but I came up empty.
“Just think,” she said, breaking the silence. “A week from now and you'll have a Level-A Nutrielle E.S.T. Certificate.”
“You're going to certify me? I thought I was just auditing the class,” I said. 
She shrugged and said, “You're welcome.”
“What should I tell them if they ask about BetaSynth?” I asked. 
She considered briefly, then: “I don't think there's anyone here from the Trenton office, so tell them you're a brand new lab assistant there--you got hired over the phone and you haven't even set foot in the facility yet. Beyond that, the truth should work out alright, MacElray.”
	She stumbled over my name, pronouncing it Mick-el-ray.
I chuckled, and said, "It's pronounced Mackle-Ray.”
"Mack, El Rey," she repeated dramatically, and snurfed in that adorable way she had. 
"Good enough," I said. 
The waiter set up a tray next to us and layed out a veritable blanket of spongy bread, letting the stuff drape over the edge of the table like a tablecloth. He dished out half a dozen thick stews and poured us each a glass of golden wine. 
Poula made a dainty silent clapping motion, then pinched off a spongy bit of bread and held it up to her six-sizes-too-big peacoat. To my surprise, a tiny pair of hands and whiskered nose yanked it into the darkness of an inside pocket. 
“Percy?” 
She nodded in answer.
“You're something else,” I said. 
“How do you feel about going into the industrial side of the business?” she asked.
“Not sure. It does seem like that's where the money is.”
She shook her head. 
"No," she said. "The money is in niche markets, natural meats. If you're looking for money, stick with cattle conservation." 
"I can think of one reason I might want to change fields," I said, nervously reaching towards her hand.
I trained my eyes on hers, followed those dark pearls as they scanned down my arm, watched me put my hand in hers. 
For a tense moment, she seemed astonished. 
Then, she closed her fingers around mine and glanced around as if we might be caught in a scandal. I stifled a giggle, but she giggled outright and for that instant, it felt like we were two schoolkids getting ready to make out behind the barn.
The warmth of her touch was electrifying. 
We ate the rest of a fantastic meal, made all the more wonderful by the mingling of flavors and smells and touches and the quiver of coursing emotions. She told me about how her in situ techniques had caught the attention of some of the higher-ups at Nutrielle and how they'd casually mentioned their compensation for certain much less groundbreaking patents had been three-quarters of a million dollars. She said she'd know for sure in a couple more days, and asked if anybody else were looking at the place. 
“I doubt anybody else would make such a generous offer,” I said, knowing it hardly mattered. I wanted Poula to buy the conservatory, at any price. I wanted to see her use my ranch to achieve her dreams. 
“So, who was that guy who came into your office today?” I said. 
“What, Doug?”
“Yeah, he gave me a pretty cold stare back there in that office.” I didn't want to alarm her, so I didn't tell her about the encounter in the bathroom. 
“Did he?” she snurfed, and said “Don't worry about Doug. He's a veep at Nutrielle, so he thinks he owns everybody and everything.”
“Does he think he owns you?” 
For a second, I thought back on the execs' portraits in the lobby at Nutrielle, but none of the faces I remembered looked like Doug. The youngest of them'd looked to be in their forties. 
“Nobody owns me,” she said. Then, “We had a thing a while back, but it was nothing. He's an idiot.”
“Sorry if I'm prying, I guess I just kinda assumed you liked older guys,” I said, pointing my thumbs at my chest with a wink.
She laughed out loud, and said, “You assumed right,” then she leaned across the table and wiped away my concerns with a sensuous kiss, “and please, don't get too self-conscious about your age.”
Too soon, she said, "I should probably get back to work," as she untangled her hand from mine. “If you don't mind picking up the bill, I'll get dinner tomorrow,” she said with a wink.
I nodded and smiled, and she departed with a very un-Poula-like bouncy gait. 
"See you in class," I said as I beckoned the waiter to pack up the leftovers.
#
It was a long drive back to the ranch, and the glow from that amazing dinner slowly faded while the Sun nestled in behind the Pallisades. As my emotions returned to level, it gradually dawned upon me that I'd broken my promise to Unc.
When I got back home, it was completely dark but for the light in the kitchen window. 
Bursting in the door, I said, “I'm so sorry, Unc. I forgot about the nitrogen but I have good news...”
“Don't worry about the nitrogen, Mac. I have to tell you something,” he said. 
Apparently, one of the hired hands had done something to spook the Fleet when they were moving them to the barn.
Unc delivered the news solemnly, saying “The Fleet ain't that big, but a little stampede is still a stampede. I was on horseback, and when they came at her, Nellibeth threw me. I'm okay, but she took off through the woods. We tracked her and found her at the bottom of the gully on the far side of Oak Hill.”
I put my head in my hands, and took a shuttering breath.
“Ricky says he don't mind comin over in the mornin to help dredge up the body,” said Unc.
I was in shock, I wanted to tell him I was sorry, but he was the one who was apologetic. He knew how close I was to Nellibeth. I suspect he even had an inkling that I saw her as my last connection to Rayne.
“At least no people were hurt,” I said.
“Ain't that the truth,” he said, taking a long breath and looking older than I'd ever seen him. 
When I finally told him about Poula's upcoming offer, he just shrugged with a slight nod. 
#
In the morning, I hiked down to the gully to pay my respects to Nellibeth. The sight of her bloody body, legs all twisted in different directions at the bottom of the scree haunted me the whole way into the city. 
Though I'd gotten up at the crack of dawn, I still ended up twenty minutes late to class, and when I came in, Poula said, “You got lucky, we almost went to the training lab without you.”
That day, and for the following two days, we were all paired up with lab partners and stationed at fume hoods not unlike my old shed lab back at the ranch.
My lab partner was a boy named Scootch, only a tad younger than Poula, but much more immature. He asked lots of questions of me and Poula both, but after a couple days re-explaining things that had already been explained ad nauseum, he grew tiresome for both of us. When he told me he liked me because I had a name weirder than his, I stopped talking to him altogether and gave him the cold shoulder as much as possible.  
Next to Scootch, I felt like a lot less of a dunce, and once we got our hands on the practice gear, I felt more comfortable still. The preformed armatures were a little more sophisticated than the ones I'd used on those “Artisinal” beef loins, and they had to bathe in a more precisely controlled nutrient bath, but otherwise I was on familiar ground.
Submerge for thirty seconds while the cell-laced gel warms to body temperature, check nutrient levels, spread the gel onto the armature making sure the layers are as thin as the magnifying screen can resolve. Using tiny electroshock treatments, we'd whip the little sons-of-bitches into shape, developing nice meaty striations. Here and there, you had to inject a few globules of fat cells. The last step was to vacuum inject pre-packaged synthblood. 
“To make the meat acceptable to even a not-so-discerning-palate,” said Poula. Like Unc, I thought, ”the mix of textures and chemical constituents has to be balanced just so.”
	For most of the students--and I still hadn't decided, but maybe, just maybe, for me too--this was the precursor to overseeing a thirty-thousand unit line. 
Me and Unc buried Nellibeth's carcass in the clearing at the end of Oak Hill path, and somehow that lightened the feeling of the place for me. It was still melancholy, and now that Nellibeth was gone, the major work of the season was done--and not by me--not to mention the impending sale...well, it felt like everything was coming to an end.  
But at the same time, it was a new beginning. 
Poula and me'd had dinner at a different restaurant of her suggestion each night after class, at a Tibetan place on Tuesday, and on Wednesday at a place where everything-but-everything was deep-fried. She still hadn't gotten word about the patent, but she assured me Nutrielle would be forking over an advance any day now.
Each night was capped off by long conversation in my pickup truck's cab in the Nutrielle parking garage, followed by a series of long, passionate kisses and a clumsy make-out session. I'd told her all about Nellibeth and Rayne, and Nellibeth's sudden death, and she nodded understandingly when I told her I couldn't talk about the accident. 
She'd told me stories of growing up a shut-in, sheltered by her father in one of the biggest Dominican enclaves in Brooklyn. We swapped jokes and sometimes she'd get drunk while I dutifully saved myself for the drive, and each night, she'd send me on my long drive home to replay the evening's high points in my head. 
#
By Thursday, I was champing at the bit. 
We were in my pickup, her silky lips nipping at my ear, my hands caressing her breasts, her fingers wandering over the muscles of my arms, my stomach, moving downwards and sliding deftly into my jeans. I would have pushed her back, unzipped her hoodie, and taken her right then if it wasn't for the damn gear shift. 
“It's a three-hour drive back home,” I sputtered between heavy breaths. “I don't suppose, I could...I'd sleep on the couch if you want.”
“It's not that,” she said. “It's just...it's kind of...messy.”
“I don't mind,” I insisted. 
I understood messes, I told her. Before I moved in with Unc, I'd lived in a house where hiding the dirty dishes in the stove was considered an acceptable way to straighten up. Letting an outsider into your own private squalor took trust.
“You can trust me,” I said.
“It's not like that,” said Poula, “I just...I just can't.”
And I spent the drive home that night pounding on the dash and trying not to let my shifting hand rub my insensed member. 
Unc'd left the kitchen light on as was his habit even when I wasn't gonna be out late, but the ranch was eerie silent, especially without the occasional snort and ppprrrur sound from the stable.
That night, I dreamt I was working with a partner in the old shed lab. It was Scootch, but it looked like the bathroom boy...what was his name? Dave? Doug? Enormously magnified images of muscle fibers and bones played across the again-functioning magnification screen, and we both had our hands in the agar, working and working and working for what seemed like forever. When we finally looked down at our creation, it turned out to be a disembodied human hand working its fingers open and closed and open again. 
#
The next day, Poula took the class to see a working synth line operation. The set-up was something different altogether from my shed lab or the class's practice hoods. 
She sat down behind a broad desk, whose surface was little more than a rotating view of its thirty-thousand units, divided in half and overlain on one another, so that any irregularities would be easy to spot. 
Each unit had a chromo display in the corner, and I was surprised to realize I'd learned enough this week to make sense of most of the display. When the chromo read too blue, it meant there were too little nutrients. Too white, the agar was too thin. Too orange, too thick. 
One by one, Poula asked us questions round-robin style. Even Scootch got most of them right.
As it turned out, grids 78-89 through 206-07 were running slow and a little alkaline.
“So boys, what do we do about this?”
“Where's the supply locker?” I asked.
As soon as she pointed, without missing a beat, we all got together and loaded up a cart full of EDTA and l-saliphrene. With a box cutter, I slashed the EDTA packets open and Scootch filled up a big 5000-mil flask at the lab sink. I mixed a smaller flask of acidified water and l-sally tablets. 
With help from the rest of the class, we added the reagents to the appropriate rows of the grow tables and re-calibrated the chromos against standard samples. 
“Bravo,” said Poula with a little prayerful clap. “Class-A Certificates all around!” 
“Thanks to the teacher,” I said, and when I realized I was in love and didn't care if anybody knew it, I added: “I told you you're amazing.” 
#
“So, what'll it be today,” I asked, gently laying my crisp new certification on the driver's seat and locking the pickup, “Vietnamese, Portuguese, manitees?”
“Well,” said Poula in a whisper, “in honor of your graduation, I had something special in mind.”
	I felt tingles all over my body as animal lust began to well in my chest, but just as soon as it started, she threw cold water on my hopes, saying “It's just a little project I'm working on.” 
	I tried not to let my discouragement bleed through and feigned curiosity as I let her lead me by the pinkie out the parking garage and down the street. There, she coded into a building with an old-fashioned camera and keypad security system.
	We walked up two flights of stairs, where she told me to wait in the hall while she straightened up.
	“It's my special lab,” she said.
After she disappeared through one of the many nondescript doors, I wandered to the stairwell window and looked out over a little park with a sparse collection of trees and a run-down dog run. There was a couple making out on a bench, and a guy limping along with a shopping cart full of plastic bags having an animated conversation with a mounted police officer. “Hey,” said Poula, making me jump. “You can come in now.”
I turned to see her standing in the doorway in translucent black bra and panties, and a fog of desire overcame my senses as I put my hands on her bare waist and nuzzled her neck, letting the sweet musty odor of her skin encompass me. She pulled me inside, and I was surprised to see it was just an ordinary apartment. 
“So this is your lab, eh?” I said. “You tricked me.”
If I'd've been less preoccupied with Poula's sultry curves, the fringe of peach fuzz around her navel, her pouty lips... I would have been surprised that the apartment wasn't messy in the least. There was a slight acrid odor, and I wondered if she owned a dog, but I couldn't follow that line of thought as she pulled me inside and shut the door, pinkie-leading me to her bed.
Our lovemaking was quiet and intense. The window at the headboard was open and moist air washed over us, cooling my sweaty skin, raising goose bumps on her Poula's creamy thighs. As afternoon became evening, the daylight reddened, sending pools of shadow over the sheets and painting our skins with glints of orange and gold. Poula sighed, a long cooing noise, the heat of sex drained from my body with a rush as I orgasmed, and Poula's goose bumps spread to my own skin. 
As soon as I could muster my muscles to move me, I stood to close the window, not caring whether the dog-walkers and cops got a good view of my nakedness. The wood was moist and swollen, and I had to stand up and put all my weight on the sash just to get it to budge. 
The smell of sweat was heavy in the air. 
The carpet was moist, and it sapped the warmth from my toes, so I crawled back under the covers and spooned Poula. She mmmmmed and cozied her buttocks against my crotch and I tucked her body under my arm, letting my forearm nestle between her breasts and my fingers caress her clavicle. In moments, I slipped into an amazingly comfortable stiff-cocked slumber. 
We both slipped in and out of sleep, punctuating the silence with sleep sighs and occasional quiet musings.
“Ever ride a horse through the forest at night?” I asked her. “It's amazing. Terrifying. Like flying through space.”
“I never rode a horse,” she said. “But I will I hope. It sounds dangerous.”
I told her about Rayne and Lizzie, reluctantly at first, but once the words came, they seemed to drain my soul, pouring out of me in a feverish whisper, my voice turning gravelly, like Unc's. I told her everything except the one detail I couldn't bear to admit--that I had been drunk. 
I couldn't tell you why I did it, I should have just said I didn't want to talk about it, but when it came to the fatal moment, I hesitated for a long moment, too long.
Then I said: “Rayne must've been drinking; she started rubbing mud on the horse, and I guess Nellibeth was trying to rub it off when she rolled over on top of Lizzie.”
	#
In the morning, I opened my eyes to diffuse morning light shining through the window at the head of Poula's bed. The glass'd steamed up in the night and drips of water dotted the window sill. I tossed aside damp bedclothes and put my bare feet down on dewy carpeting. No wonder it smelled like she had a dog. There must've been mildew creeping into every crack and crevice in the place. 
	Brushing aside annoyance, I tiptoed to the bathroom, which I found at the end of a short hall by the front door. There was another door, which might've been a closet, covered with a blue tarp that seemed to breath, as though somewhere behind there, it was open to the outside. 
	I used the pot, and on the way back to bed, discovered the source of the apartment's pervading moisture. At the foot of the bed, a humidifier had been left running all night. I couldn't find the switch, so I unplugged the thing and, deciding I'd slept long enough, I started poking around. Poula was still snoring lightly under pink paisly covers. There wasn't much to it, just a tiny bedroom adjoined to an even tinier kitchen. 
	My curiosity took a back seat to my zombie drive for coffee, and soon I was poking around the kitchen. Not even instant? I thought. The cabinets were empty and, aside from a half-full five pound bag of agar powder, so was the fridge. 
	Poula still hadn't roused. That's why I'll never care for city life, I thought. Wreaks havoc with your body's schedule. 	
	Coming up empty on the coffee front, I reluctantly went back to bed, trying not to disturb Poula's sleep. Now that I'd noticed the doggy smell, I was having a hard time not noticing it. I laid awake for what seemed like hours, tracing patterns of water stains on the ceiling with my eyes. 
	I must've dozed off eventually because before I knew it, I was roused again by a tap on the window. I half-dreamed the sound was the cracking of collarbone against stone, and just as fast as I was out, I jerked wide awake. I held frozen, senses buzzing alert, heart trying to punch its way out of my chest. 
	“What the hell,” mumbled Poula, sleepylipped.
	“Shhhh...” I said, wiping a clear swath across the cold, wet pane. 
	The park was empty, except for one figure, on the sidewalk directly across the street, and even though he was distorted by the veins of water on the glass, I recognized bathroom boy, with his big glasses and twisted legs. His upraised arm dropped and I figure he must've seen me, because he turned and started walking away and I thought, Kid, you better walk away.
	I muttered, almost inaudibly, “I'm not even fuckin joking,” and I wanted to disassemble that brat.
	“What is it?” Poula whispered. 
	“Nothing,” I said. “It's nothing.” 
	But my fists were working open and shut, wondering if I'd really scared him off. I slid out of bed and into my now-damp clothes as quickly and quietly as I could. I let myself out and steeled my nerves for a confrontation.
	Downstairs, I glanced back and forth, crossed the street and looked across the park. The place was empty but for a young girl exercizing an enormous mastiff in the dog run. I loostened my fists, deflated and turned back towards the apartment.
	Sure enough, bathroom boy was there, huddled in a darkened doorway a couple doors down from Poula's place. I sprinted across the street, and grabbed him by the shoulder. 
	He was obviously startled, and he yammered until I said, “Listen to me.”
	He wore a loose jogging suit, and I had to twist the kevlon jacket around my hand to hold him still.
	I told him, “Look,” I said, “I get it. I do. Nobody likes to lose a girl. I understand that better than anybody, but you need to stop this. You need to leave her alone and let her make her own decisions. And if you can't do that on your own...“
	He hesitated a second. The dull eyes behind those glasses searched my face, then he straightened his demeanor and said, “Get your hands off of me, boy. I'm your boss's boss's boss, so ” 
	His voice wasn't a kid's voice. He growled with as much gravity I'd seen in a man his age, sounded like Unc more than anything.
	I thought it'd be better not to tell him I wasn't one of his employees, so I just said, “I don't care who you are. If you wanna get in her good graces, you're goin about it all wrong way.”
	He shook his head, not vigorously, in defiance--but in what seemed like pity. 
	“You should thank me,” he said. “Look at me. Poula made me like this.” 
	He waved his hand over his body, his hunched back, his bowed legs, his wonky blue eyes. 
	“She changed me,” he said. “And I tried to change for her. I did change for her. And then she left me. So go ahead, go back to her and just wait. She'll leave you like she left me. The only difference is, she doesn't need you. She needs me.”
	The sudden change in this little boy--this man--made me take a step back, literally. I didn't know what to say, hadn't even quite absorbed all he'd said. 
	He sneered and backed away, and I heard Poula's voice, turned, and he was gone. 
	“Mackle Ray,” I heard. “Mackle Ray! What are you doing out here?” 
	She was wrapped in a paisly bedsheet toga, and she leaned out the glass door as far as she could without moving her feet from the tile inside. I turned, glancing once more quickly around, then followed her back up the stairs and into the apartment. I winced at the bitter-tart odor, but she dropped her wrapping and pressed her nakedness against me.
	“Does that Doug guy throw rocks at your window often?” I asked. 
	“Oh Christ,” she said, and then she started what sounded like an apology
	I interjected: “I don't think he'll be bothering you again.”
	“You're so sweet,” she said, rubbing a her head against my neck and running a hand through my hair. “...and muscular.”
	“Workin on the ranch ain't all bad, huh?” 
	She giggled and we rushed back to bed.
	#
	“Well, I have to say--that was the best surprise you could have given me,” I said, all thought of Doug long behind me.	
“Oh,” she said, snurfing, “but that wasn't even the surprise.”
I raised my eyebrows and she went on: “I wasn't kidding when I said I wanted to show you the project I've been working on.”
“Come on,” she said, bouncing on the bed. “Let me show you my special laboratory.”
We got out of bed, both of us still naked, and walked across the wet carpet towards the bathroom, down the hall. 
I was confused, and my face must've showed it, because she put her finger on my lips as if to say shhhhh, then smiled. “It's okay,” she said.
She pulled back the blue tarp from the door in the hallway and a blast of sharp, cheesy odor nearly gagged me.
“Sorry about the smell,” she said. “I hardly notice it anymore. I just don't have proper ventilation here.”
The door opened onto a walk-in closet filled with...well, I couldn't tell at first what I was looking at. The first thing I identified was another little dome-shaped humidifier. The rest was a wet, tangled mess.
She bent and lifted a tile covered in a yellowy gel that took me a second to recognize as agar. She snapped it neatly into place on the wall, saying “Four hundred pounds of agar doesn't go as far as you might think.”
The whole closet glistened urea-yellow, and there was big globs of meat--whole, flexing muscles fastened down with straight pins and stretched out with zip ties. There was a pair of lungs, billowing open and closed. Everything was netted in a fine mesh of veins and a delicate tracework of white lace that must've been nerves. All of it writhed and pulsed, and it slowly dawned on me what I was looking at. 
Succored by the nutrient mixture, the wall was a whole living creature, splayed out like a diagram. 
Was this... and as the thought formed in my head, Doug's words came back to me, and my skin prickled. Was this...Doug-2? I couldn't get the sound out of my mouth, my stomach heaved. 
“What, wh...” I babbled incoherently.
“You'll find out,” said Poula. “That's the surprise.”
“What is it?” I finally said.
“Think about it, you'll figure it out,” she said. 
Sprigs of tendon and sinew sparkled along the tiles, muscles flexed, lungs billowed and collapsed like ship's sail in a strong wind. She picked up a spray bottle and spritzed a huge pair of discarnate, violet eyeballs, then snurfed. 
#
I left in the afternoon, giving her an unfeeling kiss. After she'd showed me the lab, we hadn't talked. It took me a long time to let it sink in. She's building another Doug, the thought had just kept going through my mind. She'd acted coy, like my confusion was funny, and that'd just made it worse.
The ride back home was frought with nightmare visions that the daylight failed to wash away. I smacked the seat, punched it harder and harder, cursed and eventually I just cried, driving home by feel when the tears blurred my vision too much to see. 
By the time I got home, my tears had dried, leaving powdery trails down my cheeks. I realized Doug was right. She doesn't need me, I thought. She needs him. 
The thought pierced my heart like a straight pin, and I gritted my teeth to stop myself from crying again.
Unc tried to get me to talk at first, the unnatural silence of the ranch echoing between his words. Eventually, he gave up and turned on the threedi to watch a game stoically. 
I didn't call Poula back. 
#
For a few days, I tooled around the ranch house, watching threedi and draining pouches of beer. Unc put up with my sulking for almost a week before he asked me to take the dewar for a refill.
The trip to the store helped my mood a little, and when I got back, I went to work feeding the cattle and cleaning the stable out one last time. By sunset, I was almost feeling normal and I even joined Unc for a Steeler's game. 
The phone rang that night, just as I was laying down for bed. It was Poula. I didn't answer and I almost deleted the message but, like prodding at a fresh wound, I couldn't stop myself from pushing play. 
Her voice was small. 
“I'm sorry that I upset you. I want to give you time, whatever you need. I love you, and I wish...” she trailed off. “The only reason I called is to tell you I didn't get the advance from Nutrielle. Their lawyers say they already own the patents because I worked for them when I made them. They just gave me a two thousand dollar bonus and recommended me for an honorary doctorate. It's bullshit. I don't know what I'm going to do, but I still want to buy the conservatory. I think if I talk to Doug--”
I hung up and went to bed.
#
The next morning, the full brightness of the sun was shining in my window as I tossed and turned, but I couldn't will myself to get out of bed. I sobbed into my pillow, trying to keep Unc from seeing my useless state, but he interrupted my pillow-drowned darkness with a nock on the door.
“You look bad,” he said.
I shrugged, then sat up with the sheets pulled over my shoulders.
“I just had a long conversation with Poula,” said Unc. “She was grilling me about you.”
“She's here?” I sputtered.
“Over the phone.”
I wasn't sure if I was feeling relief or disappointment, but I nodded and asked, “What did you tell her?”
“I didn't tell her nothin. We talked about the ranch, and told me she had the funds and wanted to buy it.”
“You're selling it to her?” I said with a dead flat tone.
“We'll talk about that,” he said. “The thing is...she asked about you and Rayn's accident. She told me you said Rayne was the one who'd been drinkin.”
I closed my eyes.
He went on, “It didn't occur to me that you would lie about such a thing, so I didn't even think to try to back up your little fib. I don't mean to hurt you, but I just told her what happened as best I knew it.”
I took a deep breath.
“What did she say?” I asked.
“Nothin. Not for a long time, then she said she had to go.”
Unc waited for me to say something, but when I kept the silence, he said: “I accepted her offer. It's not as much as she thought she was going to offer, but it's enough for me to buy a little house maybe. Probably not enough to pay our--your--debts.”
#
Poula came out with her lawyers to finalize the purchase with us and our lawyers, and I managed to drag myself out of bed and look presentable. 
I was surprised to see they came in three separate vehicles, with a horse trailer in tow. I wished I'd been surprised to see bathroom boy get out and stand alongside Poula.
She introduced her three lawyers, and we introduced our one. 
Finally, she said, “And you know Doug.”
“Shouldn't you say, Doug-1?” I asked, bitterness clinging to my teeth.
It couldn't have come as a surprise that I knew, but she looked confused. 
“Did you finish Doug-2 yet?” I spat.
She still shook her head, and I said, “He's obviously one of yours. Did you sew up that Frankenstein thing in your closet, or was it another failed experiment?”
Doug looked back and forth between us, then I saw him tilt his head back, forming his lips into an 'O' of recognition. 
“Stop,” he said. “No. Poula didn't make me.” 
He almost laughed--incredulous snurf, but not the adorable sound Poula made. 
“I made myself like this,” he said. “I used her techniques, but I did it myself...to look younger. I know it's wrong to blame her. I was mad. But it's my fault, not Poula's.”
Poula stood agape.
“You thought I made Doug?” she said. “Jesus, Mac. Oh my god, no, no, no...”
The herd of lawyers stood by like they were trying not to interfere with a barroom brawl.
“Then what was that monster in your closet,” I said.
“I was going to start with a cow, but you inspired me. It was supposed to be a surprise, like I said,” she said. 
She tapped Doug on the shoulder, pointed over her own shoulder. He nodded and went around back of the trailer. 
“She won't be perfect,” said Poula. “There aren't vats big enough, so I had to make her the old way. But at least Nutrielle--” she gave a sour glance to the lawyers. “Nutrielle is going to set up a new lab, right here. I'll be able to put my techniques into production.”
Doug backed a horse out of the trailer, walked it around, awkwardly. He obviously had never handled a horse before, but they made a good pair, him with his glasses and bent back, and the horse...well, she was beautiful. Her ribcage was a little wide, and her ears were too perfect. But her eyes were beautiful violet. 
Poula said, “I was going to name her Nellibeth-2.”
	# 
“So,” I said, “that's how I got into edible tissue engineering. The judge ended up awarding Lizzie's family almost twice what Doug Lenzler bought the ranch for. I can't let my uncle pay that on his own, and that's why I'm looking for work. I see her on the threedi a lot, so I guess Poula must be doing well.”
I leaned back in the reclining chair and spread my hands in a there-you-have-it gesture.
	The guy behind the desk looked slightly agog, and when he regained his composure, he said “I appreciate your honesty, MacElray. We'll message you in a few days to let you know our decision.”
As I stood, he added, “I can't begin to understand how you must feel about her, but having Dr. Santiban's name on your resume puts you way ahead of the crowd. Good luck.”



Afterward: Review by Fred Patton of Flayrah.com
(Excerpted from review of "Bronies: For the love of ponies", edited by L. Lambert Lawson)

“Nellibeth” by Nathan McKnight, the final story in the anthology, is both the longest and the only one about a normal, non-magical horse. In fact Nelibeth, an old mare, is barely a supporting character. In the slightly far future, “Uncle Gene”, the elderly owner of a livestock farm in New York state, is relying on his young nephew MacElray Dresch to advise him whether to sell out to Nutrielle LLC, a large corporation engaged in nutritional tissue experimentation. Mac is wooed in more ways than one by Poula Santiban, Nutrielle’s charismatic “Nutritional Tissue Consultant”; a combination of a head project scientist and the company’s leading recruiter of research staff.

Poula both wants to add Unk’s farm to Nutrielle’s holdings, and to add Mac to the new class of promising trainees. She gets close enough to Mac to show him some of her private research into experimental tissue growth, which goes beyond developing new edible meats into creating new life forms. Mac has been looking forward to developing new foods for a hungry world, but playing god is something else again. Are you wondering where Nellibeth comes into this story? Don’t worry; she plays a very small but very important part. “Nellibeth” arguably does not belong with the fourteen prior stories, but it is a very good science fiction story and I thank Bronies for making it available to us.

<<<<<<<<END OF STORY / START OF NEXT>>>>>>>>

TITLE: Hatchlings (unfinished novel)

(c) 2024 by Nathan McKnight

Prologue: The Egg-Singer 
Prologue:  Home
[Luce & Ivan in prison. Luce telling story for 97th time of how he got captured… knocking on the door… Ivan laughs at the guy getting his head shot off every time. Ivan gets his head shot off & luce is told he’s going home. (Russian prisoners liquidated, as well as russian Sakhas. Wealthy Russians already left Sakha, but native sakhas have negotiated a peace, and any Russians who don’t leave suffer a spontaneous genocide committed by local peoples.)]

I never thought I’d see Ivan again, but there we were, sitting side by side. We dared not show any obvious joy at reconnecting, so we sat stony-faced as they drove us across the wet and chilly summer night. 
We had been cellmates together for months before being split up, so many years ago, and in that time, we talked so quietly through the night. We talked about everything. But mostly, we talked about home. 
I felt I knew his home in the Urals as well as my own. I looked forward to talking with him again at our first moment alone. The years had been so quietly cruel and lonely. 

#

“There is good news, and there is bad news.”
“The good news, American, is that you will be released.”
Ivan smiled at me, but there was a sadness in his eyes. 
“The bad news, Russian…”
And he shot Ivan dead right there.
“Come on,” he said, with a boyish grin. “You’re going home.”

Hatchlings, Part I: Flotsam
Chapter 00: Darknesses
 
  	It was a new kind of darkness--a shock, for I had come to know darknesses so well. After all these dozens of fives and twos, I'd come to recognize in an instant whether I was waking to the common darknesses of a midnight beating, or the darkness of a burlap sack, or the comfortable darkness of my felted blanket on the packed dirt floor. Those were common darknesses. There were uncommon darknesses too. The forced march in the Siberian night, the smothering darkness of a wet pillow, or the throbbing darkness of a cracked skull. But this new darkness, this was different altogether. This was a queasy, lolling and dripping wet, pierced by thumb-thick shafts of light, sprawled against cardboard box corners kind of darkness.
With newness, fear. With fear, questions. Should I alert my captors that something felt wrong? Or should I shut up and endure? Endurance was so often the only choice, but when changes happened as they occasionally would, it was hard to tell if the Yakuts wanted me to speak up or shut up.
I touched my head--it was bleeding. Had I already received a beating and would be beaten again for forgetting the previous beating? I touched my feet. They were not bound, and that is what made me speak up.
“Hello,” I said in Yakut, “Hello, my feet are not bound. Will you bind my feet?”
No answer.
“Hello, sirs. I need to be bound. Do you wish to bind my feet, and hands?”
No answer.
Wrongness compounded wrongness, and I knew I had to do something. So I curled into a ball among the boxes and let myself be rocked by the lolling dark space.
            #
After what seemed like hours, I determined that the I was floating. Slowly, the rocking sensation had resolved into a clear back and forth, and it wasn’t just the throb of my head. The room, the boxes, everything was somehow buoying on gentle waves. There was a light lapping of water, and behind that sound, there was the sound of shallow breathing. I knew that particular breathing. My blood seemed to slow in my veins, afraid to move for fear of waking the Koryak. I tried to quiet my mind, but it would not quiet.
I must get the attention of one of the Yakuts, and I must do it without waking the Koryak. If they saw my untethered feet, there might be an argument and perhaps the Korkyak would storm off. Or perhaps he would take his anger out on me. But the presence of a Manchary or Ayhal would temper him. Moving carefully away from the Koryak’s subtle breathing, I felt for a ladder, a staircase, a rope. But there was nothing. Just boxes. I looked up at the shafts of light. When my eyes managed to focus, I could tell they were coming from small holes in the ceiling not far above.
I stumbled over the boxes and didn’t get far before encountering a ribbed composite wall. The ribs were sloped the wrong way for climbing, but I managed to pull myself up by the fingernails of my left hand, and almost immediately hit my head on the ceiling, knocking myself back into the boxes. I froze, bracing myself for a beating, but there was none. I stayed still until I could hear the Koryak’s breathing again under the pounding of my heart. He never slept so soundly. Was this a trick? Was he letting me get myself into trouble so that when he pounced, he would indulge his cruelty just that much more? Was I digging my own grave with every move?
I was alone with the Koryak. I had to reach the Yakuts.
In spite of my fear, I tried again. This time, more slowly, I pulled myself up, ignoring the bleeding of my cracked and callused palms as I struggled to hold on to the little flaws and formation-marks on the composite wall. I reached a hand up and felt the low ceiling. There was a rail running along its seam with the wall. Leveraging myself was a triumph of will against my scarred and malnourished body, but I could just bring my eyes to one of the glimmering holes. It was no bigger than my pinkie finger, and when my eye got used to the brightness, I could make out nothing through it except cloud-brushed skyscape. I felt the edge of the hole with my finger. It was a bullet hole.
I had a flash of memory. Shots had been fired. The clickety-clack-whump of bullets ricocheting off composite and burying themselves in cardboard. I remembered somebody muttering in a language I couldn't understand--was it the smoky purr of Cantonese? I remembered a young Chinese man knocking me with the but of a microwave rifle.
Rain dripped into my eye through the bullet hole, dripped down my face. My body was beginning to shake from exertion. Besides the few occasions when the Yakuts made me carry their packs in the early days, and of course the frequent beatings and other tortures, this was by far the most strenuous activity I had undertaken for years. It felt terrible--it felt wonderful. My muscles aching with exertion, my ankles open to the air instead of knocking together between ropes. For the first time, I felt... Well, it must be joy. Joy tinged with fear, of course, as all emotions were so tinged--but still astonishing, unfamiliar yet recognizable, joy.
The rainwater seeped into my mouth through my cracked lips, and into my flesh through the cracks in my lips. It stung terribly, and I tasted it. It was briny. Not rainwater, then--sea water. And I remembered.
I had been on a sea train, and I was supposed to be released.
Released!
I brought my mouth up to the bullet hole.
“Hello!” I rasped, lips chafing against the sharp edges of the composite. “Sirs, hello!”
My legs were quaking fiercely and one of my feet slipped. In the second before my other foot slipped, I reset my hold on the rail, and when my legs went, I swung. No no no, I thought. Don’t let me fall and die. My recurrent death wish had been evaporated by shafts of brilliant light. I knew the boxes were not far below me, but the darkness below my dangling feet felt like infinity--another new kind of darkness. I grasped for my life and kicked my legs in the open air. Tears streamed down my cheeks. No!
My hands slipped, flailing in air. But I didn't fall into the infinite void. I was back in the boxes, heart racing, penetrated through with fear, blind and in pain. But my mind was alive--through the pain and confusion, I focussed on one thing: Release.
I sifted my memories. The last thing I remembered was being let out of a cargo container--that must be what I was in now--and allowed to walk around on the deck of a ship; a sea train. The marine air had been salty and rank, and I found that in my captivity, I had be come an agoraphobe, the vast emptiness of waves in all directions. But the open daylight had been a blessing, and the warm breeze had been an impossible delight after so long in chilly Sakha.
My guards had been a Yakut and three Russians, and they had seemed to be having skipping railgun shots off the translucent sunlit waves, as others tried to vaporize the rails in flight with maser blasts, which usually ended in geysers of steam erupting from the hummocky wavescape. The size of the sea train had been astonishing, terrifying. The barge we were on had stretched perhaps a quarter mile, and I could count at least three more attached barges in front and two behind, all of them stacked high with cargo containers. When I had first been captured, I only knew sea trains to be two or three barges long, and not nearly so large. Much must have changed. I reveled in the memory of a hint of a taste of freedom.
Absorbed, I lay fetal among the boxes.
Movement.
I scrambled, moving in a direction I thought was away from the sound, but as soon as I did, I was on top of the Koryak. His sweaty shirt stunk, but his muscles were slack. He slouched against one of the composite walls, collapsed among the crushed cardboard. I jumped back, and hit another wall, felt along it, tripping on boxes and clawing at the composite all the way. In short succession, I turned three corners and found myself back where the Koryak rested. This container was small, with boxes piled deep enough that I couldn’t tell if there was a floor at all.
Fighting queasy terror, I ran my hands gingerly over the Koryak’s pockets, looking for a gun, a knife, something. The promise of freedom had whet my appetite for survival. I had forgotten that I could want anything at all. The Koryak's pockets were empty. He wore a tool belt, but the only thing on it was a tape measure. I took it, feeling for sharp edges, and briefly flicking a built-in laser level. The sudden flash of red startled me. There was a belt clip, and in desperation, I climbed the wall again with the tape measure clipped to my threadbare jeans. I propped myself in place again, arching my back and pulling until my muscles strained, then swinging the tape measure hard against the bullet hole. Nothing happened, but an echo that seemed to tumble around the container as the we bobbed. I scratched at the hole with the corner of the tape measure, and managed to get the belt clip to catch the rough edge. I worked at it until my arms and legs trembled, and still I persisted. At last, I managed to get the clip all the way through the hole, but I couldn’t yank it hard enough to tear the composite.
So, I put all my weight on it, quickly grabbing with both hands and letting my legs swing. I fell almost immediately and I could feel my skin tear and crack and leak warm blood even before I landed with a crunch on the boxes.
I looked up and saw that I had torn a hand-sized flap into the composite. I gritted my teeth in the closest thing to a smile I could manage, then felt around until I found the tape measure again. When I stopped to bend the belt clip back to a useable position, I heard that the Koryak’s breathing had changed. Shallower, quieter.
More in control.
With a sudden rush of adrenaline, I flicked the laser level towards where I thought his eyes would be.
He chuckled and lunged.
I covered my face and swung the tape measure hard at his temple, but he was on top of me and I couldn’t land a solid blow. His knees were in my ribs, and he shouted in the Koryak language. I bit his arm as hard as I could, not stopping when I tasted blood. He groaned and pulled back, giving me just enough distance and just enough time to slash his face with the ragged metal belt clip. His breathing was labored, but he didn't scream. I did it again, feeling the rough cutting of his flesh with satisfaction, then again, and he was backing away. He hit a wall and slipped and I used the opportunity to fall on him, jamming both my knees into his groin and taking a bash at his face. I kept bashing him with the heavy tape measure over and over again, and with each tear of flesh, each crunch of bone, I remembered the burns, the cuts, the fingernails, and I hit him harder each time until I was bashing nothing but greasy tissue into soaked cardboard.
I shuddered. I had seen such acts often enough, but it was the first time I killed another human being.
My fingers tightened on hair and skin and blood and I stood, pulling the gore away from its source, then I flung it down, wiped my hands on my pants, and climbed the wall for the last time. I didn’t care if I had to swim home. Damn the Koryak. I was free.
At the top of the composite wall, I stuck my arm through the flap I had ripped, feeling cold saltwater bite my wounds. I pulled hard on the flap, and it widened so I could get another hand through, then another arm. I felt a rail on the outside surface and grabbed it with both hands, pulling my body through the hole, letting the composite slice into the skin of my belly, thigh, shins. It could have gutted me for all I cared. The sun was blinding, but I was out and crouching atop the container and I felt around as I tried to strain my eyes open. There container's shiny outer surface was wet and slippery, and I slid a short distance, day-blind, and tripped over another rail.
I tumbled and splashed, and found myself underwater. Now, despite the saltwater sting and the burn of the sun, I willed my eyes open and reached for the shadow of the container, grabbing the rail and clinging tight. I pulled myself above water, folded my arms around the rail, and held on for life.
When my eyes adjusted, I surveyed my predicament. There was nothing but the container's red enamel and open sea all around. The great bulk swayed with the lapping waves. I lifted myself on top of it again.
It had been upended, floating vertically, and I crouched on its narrow end, looking around at open sea and open sky.
Fourteen years as a hostage, and this is how it ends.
I was alone--afloat in the open ocean.
But I was free.
#
It’s hard to say how long I was sitting on that container. Everything of my former life seemed entombed in that cherry red sepulcher, the great gash in its composite skin matching the gashes in my own, a nastily-torn umbilical. I roused from my half-sleep half-daze as the sun set over the craggy waves. It was so beautiful I cried.
I stared at the spot where the sun had set for an apparent infinity, watching stars rain almost imperceptibly over the horizon. The sea became choppier as I stared into the night. Rain began to rain down, washing the layers of filth from my skin. I had had no shower in…Months? Years?
Ayhal had told me they would allow me to wash before I reached home. I grimaced. So they had.
As I rocked in the rain, I let my mind wander. Memories were returning in earnest now.
The sea train was meant to be my ride back home. Manchary and Ayhal said they were trading me for prisoners held in Moscow. My life was worth sixteen prisoners, they’d said, both triumphant and disdainful. I had dared to chuckle. My rapport with the Yakuts had long since mellowed, and when they were around, I had dared to show joviality because I could. Not like earlier on, when the conflict was still fresh and the youthful 'freedom fighters' blazed zealous.
At one point early on, they had decided they were going to entertain themselves with exotic torture techniques.
They laughed and whispered horrors to me as they shopped online for Thai bamboo. They bought the seeds, and taunted me for weeks about how they were going to weight me down and let the fast-growing stalks grow through my torso. An excruciating death, it haunted the dreams I had in what little sleep I got back then. In the end, the seeds had refused to grow in the soggy Siberian soil. I had giggled silently at night for weeks after that in my cell. They only caught me giggling once, and that was worth all the nails on my right hand to them--and to me. You take humor where you can.
I used to talk to them when I could, mostly to practice my Yakut or Russian, but companionship is hard to come by in wartime, and my chats had the effect of easing my captivity sometimes. I suppose that’s why their directorate or overlords, or whomever they answered to had hired the Koryak eventually.
There was no befriending the Koryak. We didn’t have a common tongue, and he had no interest in talking, apparently, to anybody.
The Manchary had told me he’d been a reindeer herder until the reindeer could no longer weather the warming steppes. Strange to know so little about someone you killed. But I supposed that was usually the way of things.
The seaborne rain was calming to a tiny pitter, and I let myself sleep.
#
I awoke feeling like I was falling into a swamp, grasping at a vine that kept slipping out of my hand. When I realized the vine was the rail and the swamp was several inches of water running in thick rivulets into the gash in the container, I panicked. I slipped on the polished surface, and tried to get to the higher end of the rail, but it was no use. My body had been blocking the flow, and when I moved, seawater poured as a torrent into the container's maw.
In moments, the high end had reached the water line, and my ankles and butt were in water. The hole was completely submerged now, and I could see bursts of air shooting out as the huge container sunk beneath me. I held on until I was up to my waist in water, then tried to float, but just at that point, the whole thing descended so fast out from under me that I was pulled after it in the undertow. This was the end, I thought, feeling the weight of the water compress me. The dim glow of dawn receded above me, lost in bubbles and turbulence, and I tried to gasp but only took in water. I was going to drown.
As the surface darkened and I felt the pressure close in on me, something punched me from below, hitting my body with the force of a brick wall, all corners and sharp edges. The impact was so forceful that it made a shockwave of sound that felt as though it would pierce my eardrums. Orangey sunlight appeared suddenly before my eyes, and I was forced again above the surface of the water. I flailed, coughing and gasping for air, and I tried to paddle, but my arms just hit cardboard. All around me, an oil slick of shoeboxes, buoying me. I floated on them, spread eagle, coughing the water from my lungs.
I was woosey, and I must have lapsed into and out of consciousness. I know day and night passed at least twice, but I could not be sure of how long it had been. I felt dizzy, cracked lips and muttering like a drunkard in the moments of consciousness, but mostly I slept.
#
The growling of my stomach woke me.
The boxes had turned to a slimy foamy mush. My body ached with hunger and thirst. There was nothing but shoes and cardboard pulp. I tried to eat some of that. But it was pasty and fibrous and coated my tongue. I had to rinse with the little seawater I could squeeze out of a handful of the mushy box residue, and the effort left my mouth dry and sore.
 
 
 
Chapter 00: Salvage
When the old man found me, he prodded me. And in my stupor, I asked if he was real. He put his hand on my shoulder, and I flinched, but all he did was to hoist me onto the little dinghy he towed behind his jet-ski. I looked around with my cracked eyelids and gummy vision, and saw that he had perched me atop a slimy pile of Nikes. I chuckled, and was out again.
#
A dribbling of earthy-green flavor roused me. It took me a moment to realize it was water, but by that time, my body had already instinctively lapped it up. The old man was using some sort of plant roots to dip and dribble into my mouth from a large algae-laced jar.
He offered the root wad to me, saying “De-saleen,” and I dipped it myself, hesitantly at first, then greedily, sating an infinite thirst over and again until I was glutted on the delicious green water.
He offered some sort of seafood jerky, covered in a white powder, and I took it, touching it to the tip of my tongue. The powder was acrid, acid, metallic and wrong-salty. Evidently noticing my trepidation, he handed me a little condiment packet.
“Tekas bah-bah-koo,” he said, “Mmm-mmm.”
He gave a rotten-toothed chuckle, and I almost smiled. I squeezed the barbecue sauce on the salted squid and ate as much as I could stand. My stomach was full of water, but still churning with hunger. It had been so long since I had eaten.
The food tasted wrong, but I knew I had to eat something.
I lay on smooth wooden planks, and I felt nauseous, as if the whole world were swaying. I looked around; there were improvised shanties in all directions. Men, women, and children peered from most of the doors. These were homes, studded with bubble wrap and Styrofoam and industrial garbage. The sky was clear blue over their rooves, no sign of larger development. The houses were connected by wooden plank bridges and lashed together with replastic ropes.
I had seen such curiosity towards westerners before—we were a rare breed, and getting rarer—but otherwise, it was like no rural village I had ever visited. There wasn’t a single patch of open space; the houses tumbled over one another like a densely packed cityscape. But this was not urban shantytown. It was deathly quiet save for the occasional squawk of a seagull.
As I ate, I stared at the old man. At first, I had thought him a Yakut wearing some kind of traditional cap. But the patterns were wrong…fine threadwork in delicate filigree, tracing elaborate geometries around what looked like an Islamic crescent-and-star. Moreover, his face was wrong; brown-dark instead of ruddy, sunbeaten-leathery instead of cold-bitten leathery.
When he spoke, there was no longer a question.
            “Ya mirá yo con Noe. Noe, Noe,” he said, tapping his chest with bunched fingers.
He repeated the whole exercise several times before I recognized he was speaking some form of Spanish. I hadn’t spoken the language in decades, but I had grown up in the Bronx, and the words came to my lips without hesitation.
“Mi nombre es Lucius. ¿Quién eres tú?” Who are you?
“Ya mirá yo con Noe, soy Banguingui.”
“¿Que?”
“Baa--ngui-ngui,” he said it as if speaking to a child. “Esta gitano del mar. Ya mir--ah…mi nombre es Noa.”
Gitano del mar, I thought. Sea gypsy.
My stomach began to contract of its own accord. The sea gypsy—Noe—grabbed me under the arms and dragged me to the edge of the nearest walkway. He was ancient and stringy, but strong. His muscles felt like two granite bannisters under mine. As he laid me out on my belly, I wretched fish-tinged algae water over the edge into sloshing seafoam a few feet below. Noe braced himself expertly against a taut rope, stretching a leg through the gap and flicking his foot in water to rinse off the vomit.
He left me alone and waved off the others, and I lay there for long enough to notice late afternoon fade into early evening. I heaved a lot at first, then less and less frequently until I felt wrung-out, empty but for a knot of muscle that was my stomach, almost as hard as Noe’s arms.
When the slow rocking of the whole village slowly became predictable, and when I was finally certain it wasn’t just me, and when I was sure I could, I stood. I seemed to myself to be an emaciated cadaver, weeks beyond death. Yet I stood, doddered.
On one side, the village rose towards a boxy, spire-like structure. On the other, walkways extended between shacks and shanties and, strangely, amid all the roughshod architecture, there stood boats of all sizes and styles, embedded in the village, built into the houses--houses built on, around, and through the boats. The whole structure creaked and lurched subtly. Some of the boats were new, but most were weather-streaked, bubbling rusty or sunbaked, crumbly fiberglass mesh. Sea birds squawked about the masts and corrugated fiberglass roofs.
Noe appeared from one of the boats, a formerly-luxury yacht whose bow jutted through a large structure that could've been straight out of the American Old West.
The cobbled-together island seemed built to surround a crescent of open water with small round objects floating in it. I couldn’t tell what they were from here, but they seemed to have plants growing in them. On the broad boardwalk that bordered the tiny artificial bay, there was a small but sturdy-looking brass ship’s bell mounted atop a shiny and equally sturdy brass post. A young girl, barely more than a toddler, climbed the post with two hands behind it and her feet almost flat against the sparkling metal. She rang the bell louder that I would have expected possible for such a small bell, and such a small girl.
He took me by the elbow, and walked me into the yacht. The smell of campfire tinged with burning plastics hit my nose.
A gathering was taking place around a central fire. Smoke pooled in the high ceiling area, and from the deep chocolaty surfaces, I assumed this must have been used as a meeting place for a very long time. Noe introduced me to a young man in a perfectly clean white daishiki, tallish and sharply chiseled, obviously muscular despite the loose clothing, but with the same features and weather-battered look as Noe. He wore a similar Moslem hat as well.
“You will come tomorrow,” said the man.
“Yes,” I said. I had been well-trained to answer such non-questions.
“Yes?” said the man, clearly surprised. “We had feared you would not want to join us. We are going to scavenge, and it is not safe here. But it is decided then.” He said with a smile. “Come,” he said.
The pair, the old one, and the young, led me into a former ball room, where the fire blazed on bare metal, ringed-in by heavy anchor chain, links big enough to put your foot through.
The sea gypsies lined the walls, kneeling in rows four-deep all the way around, six-deep in some places. A young boy held the ubiquitous hat out to me, and I bowed for him to put it on me. It was tight, but it made me feel slightly less awkward.
[Auth. note: Research Banguigui customs, esp interactions with western visitors.]
[Auth. note: See Technical Note 1 on Banguingui language.]
The chiseled young man took me to the top of the tower, supporting me much of the way as I protested on behalf of my atrophied legs. But he was persistent, and when we arrived in a spire peak, I saw why. Over a low rail, I could see the whole town sprawling around the base of the tower. We were afloat in the ocean on an artificial island cobbled together of flotsam.
After the ceremonies, I joined Noe in his family's cabin built atop a catamaran. Through the walls, I heard the rattle of chains clacking across metal. At first, there were only one or two, then a few more, and soon, the individual clatters became one gurgling noise. Noe and his family were wrapping and placing seemingly random household items—a brass vase, a box of tea—into a large metal box. When a woman, presumably Noe's wife, saw me, she protested, saying something in the strange Spanish patois. It was clear she didn't want me there, and I bowed my head to step back outside onto the boardwalk, where the clatter was a waterfall roar.
Seeing the family struck a chord in me. I never did have a family of my own, not a real one. But I remember being part of several. Behavior problems sent me from home to home throughout my teen years, and I never did participate in anything like helping my parents pack a trunk of valuables. There was something about that. I don’t know. It got to me.
Disgusted with myself, I wiped the tearwelling from my eyelids.
“Siento, siento,” said Noe with his hands in the air before him. He shut the rickety honeycomb plastic door behind him.
Noe put a hand on my shoulder, and though it was gentle, I flinched. Noe grimaced at my timidity and almost shook his head. Then, his demeanor shifted abruptly. 
“Durme por Jiho la noche,” he said, laughingly.
#
Jiho turned out to be a tiny kayak suspended above the entrance to the town hall, and accessible only after Noe set up a one-post ladder with a few rungs missing. “Honor grande,” Noe had said, but I suspected the reason they had me sleep with Jiho was because she was visible to virtually every shack and hut in what passed for a central square.
The shiny red kayak was a cocoon, swaying at about twice the rate of the village itself, the crimson glow of the Hall’s stadium lighting filtered through Jiho’s hull cast a shadow across my eyes in the shape of the craft’s name. When the light shut out with a klang! I was alone, floating in the swaying darkness, swaddled in my clothes alone as I had slept every night for the last fourteen years. I got to sleep well enough, but I awoke before dawn with dreams of jelly sea creatures storming the village, prying me bodily from a red locker that must’ve been dream-Jiho.
Noe found me staring down the dock, and put his hand on my shoulder in a gesture that was becoming almost comfortable. I had stopped flinching at any rate.
He pointed to the end of the dock and I saw, like the specks of distant birds in flight, a fleet of what must've been jet skis."Vamos!" he shouted with a krinklefaced chuckle. He shooed me down the dock. "Vamos, vamos, vamos!" he repeated all the while as I boarded the bobbing jet ski. I cranked the accelerator fast, too fast. It tossed me in the water and I flailed and choked and saw a splash next to me that I mistook for an explosion. By the time I realized it was Noe, jumped in to save me, I was in tears with laughter. Noe shook his wet hair, splashing me like a freshly bathed dog. It was my first laugh since I lost my fingernails, and the first genuine, untempered joy since I don't remember.
#
We worked til dusk, skiing from patch to patch, picking pieces from submerged masses of flotsam. When we were about to head back--or, at least, I'd hoped we were--a sound, a shout from the lead skier. A wave of the arm propagated from person to person, back through the dispersed villagers, and like a pack of wild dogs, they fell into one double line.
In the distance, I saw a peak, like a little mountain on the ocean. As the line of jet skis forded the wide ocean into orange pools of sunset, the dark shape grew. It was an island.
No, as we drew closer, I saw it was no island at all. It was a floating yacht, upended so the bow jutted from the water vertically. Around it like seaweed surrounding floating driftwood, was a clot of…of…things. All sorts of things, but mostly plastic zip ties. I had to laugh. It was a bitter laugh. I had spent so many years shackled about the wrists and ankles with such ties. Noe's wife gave me a quick quixotic glance and I stopped.
Following the suit of the villagers, I slowed my jet ski as we plowed through the floating zip tie jungle, and slowly scooted up onto the edge of a more substantial clot made primarily of milk jugs, hardened over in calcarious concretions. The jugs cracked under the hulls of the jet skis, but soon our vehicles were moored as solidly as if we were beached in lime sand.
I looked around, and was reassured that a couple of the villagers were circling out at sea, keeping watch, and carefully, I dismounted the jet ski and tip-toed onto an island of mineralized plastic. The yacht's hull jutted from the concretion of trash, and I used it for balance. As the villagers rounded this artificial peak, they picked among the milk jugs, finding a piece of glass here, a rusted key chain there. One time, a child yelped with joy at pulling a thick silver chain from between the milk jug boulders. As we crossed around the bottom of the boat, a great squawking arose. We had disturbed a bird colony.
The villagers waved their arms, as if imitating the birds, and the birds mocked back, adding to the taunt biting beaks. But the villagers persisted, methodically gathering eggs from guano-covered nests. The eggs were passed back one pair of hands to another, in a train, that included me, and concluded in a pile near the beached jet skis. I passed the eggs along. They came quickly as I could pass. In the brief moment between passes, I tried to fetch a turtle scute that was wedged between the calcified milk jugs, only to find that I was holding up the line. It was the first scornful look I had earned since my time in the village, but it made me smile because I realized I had received not a single rebuke--save for the one from Noe's wife, but that may have been something else--since I had been thrown off the sea train.
At last, my desire got hold of me and I bent down to pick the scute out during a momentary pause in the egg train. It was jammed tight, and I had to stick almost my whole hand, more than halfway up the palm to get a pair of fingers forked awkwardly around its sharp end, like clumsy pincers. I wiggled it back and forth and back and forth for what seemed like a thousand wiggles before it cut me and I yanked back my hand with a yelp. In that moment, I looked up and saw that though I’d blocked the narrow ledge the egg train wound over, the villagers had not been slowed at all by my selfishness. The one in front of me pitched it over my head, higher now that I stood, and the one behind me, a young girl caught it in both her arms before swinging it around to the next villager and snapping round to catch another.
Without taking the time to further consider this odd behavior, I tucked the scute into the fold of my waistband. Immensely satisfied with my efforts today, and warmed in my heart by my fortuitous discovery of the gorgeous, waxy scute, I boarded my jet ski with the villagers and followed them back to the floating village in the sea.
Noe pulled up beside me and shouted, asking after what I found. I slowed to idle and pulled out the scute. It shone waxy yellow-green in the brilliant sunlight.
“My grandmother had a necklace like that. I always wanted one.”
“What happened to the one your grandmother had?”
“She lost it, diving for sea snails.”
#
After three weeks living with the village, eating their food, working their work, it occurred to me that I hadn’t stopped counting days.
For the first fifty-five days of my captivity, I had been plagued by the Yakut guards’ efforts to disrupt me by erasing the marks I made on the walls, or by making new ones. I used pebbles for another twelve days before they caught on, and for three more, I tried to deliberately soil the corner of my pillow once for each sunrise.
The guards’ removal of that lasted for my remaining years until I was loaded in a coffin-sized box and onto the sea train. That coffin-sized box with a pillow was a brief, dark heaven.
On the seventieth day of my captivity, I had spent several hours investigating a clot of crabgrass that grew out from under a small cobble that sat in the ray of sunlight that shone in from the hole in the roof through which my cell was constantly dampened by the cold Siberian rain. I found that if I lifted the corner of the cobble, I could tease the grass roots into a pattern, two parallel roots for each day. Five and two, five and two…one parallel set for each workday and two sets for each weekend. Five and two, five and two. Every week, I twisted up the roots and tucked them into the corner, laying them end to end so it looked like a tree root was slowly sneaking its tendrils along the wall. That lasted me eight hears,  seven weeks, and three days before I realized I didn’t need the grassroots anymore to count the fives and twos. 
I’m not sure why I never stopped counting weekends.
#
The village’s shanties reached in an arc around a central harbor, whose inner edge was lined with low-lying planking. In the middle of it was a tall post topped by a bell that looked straight out of a 20th century cruise liner, all shiny brass, engraved around the rim. Floating in the harbor were what looked like inflatable kiddie pools, half-flooded and bristling with—maybe rice shoots? There must have been a hundred of them, and tending from a tiny catamaran was a young girl and boy that could have been siblings.
#
We were doing a special trip to a place called Rondik to collect mussels.
The skis fanned out, periodically slowing and floating in a wide arc while the leader conferred with elders over current maps. It was almost a days’ trip, but at dusk, we arrived at an atoll surrounding a shallow, sandy lagoon.
Most of the islands of the atoll were barely sandbars, but the largest of them had enough trees to construct a few shelters and moor the jet skis. The rainy season was over, but we were greeted by a late storm and had to build our shelters in the the wind. The mild pelting slowed as the sun set, and the shelters were just enough of a windbreak to construct a fire. We enjoyed a meal of rice wrapped and steamed in plastic tarp, and I was asked to wash the plastic wrap before tucking it back in one of the elders’ packs.
I had not been told to pack for an overnight trip, so I slept in my wet clothes and woke to sounds of activity in the predawn glow.
The villagers were stripping down to their trunks and distributing spears and knives of various makes. Some of them wore nose clips reminiscent of clothes pins.
I stripped down myself, and gestured for a knife.
One of the eldest patted me on the small of my back and asked if I knew how to use it.
“Show me,” I said.
He looked disconcerted and kicked around in the sand until he found a couple of loose shells, which he held together tight, like it was a living mussel.
“Like this,” he said, then he pantomimed prying it up by its base and throwing it in a bag. He then took the shell out of the imaginary bag, pried it open, and cut around the inside, flipping the imaginary meat into one pile and the two shells into another.
#
It turned out I wasn’t good at diving.
Nor was I good at shucking mussels.
“You don’t have breath,” Noe told me, with a sardonic smile.
I tried shucking mussels on the shore, until the others completed them all and went back out to dive for more, leaving me alone on the shelly beach.
#
I wandered the tiny island, circling it. There was little to see here, but the waves. A little ways offshore, there was what looked to be a tree, jutting out of the water. I swam a little ways away from it, but soon found myself wading to a nearby sandbar before laying down on the beach for a nap.
I was awoken sometime later by a great whooping from the expedition lead group. When I got to the beachfront, there seemed little to merit the jubilation.
Just a little ways from where I’d been swimming, the men and young muscled women picked among a flotilla of orange construction fencing and pailsful of yellow rubber duckies. Not an unusual find by any means, nor a particularly rich one. But on closer approach, it was clear their attentions were focused on something still in the water. For a second I thought it was a tree floating on something like one of the kiddie pool rice paddies back in the village. A man stood on a little platform, his hands dancing over a structure that, as he unbent it, resolved itself into some kind of antenna array, all squared corners and anemic crosses.
“What is it?” asked Noe when he got in earshot of the leader.
He grinned and waved us closer.
“Look,” he said, pointing to the base of the antenna.
There was a little black dome just poking above the surface, and on the dome there was a platform and a small, round hatch, battened by six screw-handled batons. The guy straightening out the antenna called for help, and I dove in after a couple of the young boys, taking one of the handles in both hands.
We strained, each of us in our own time, and then in unison, and with several attempts, the lime-encrusted mechanisms cracked into rotation, torquing the squat metal batons out of the closed position. The hatch breathed a belch of chlorine and mildew, and lifted out of its setting.
Having launched myself into the waves, and struggling for leverage to twist the handle I’d chosen, I’d found my footing on something below the lapping water. It felt like the hull of a vessel, and now that was looking for it, I saw ripples surrounding a barely-surfacing fin edge about fifty yards distant. This was a submarine we were opening. And a cheer rose up, first from the kids helping to open it, then from the crowd at large, as we lifted the hatch full open, squealing on paint-locked hinges.
“I saw that earlier,” I spurted. “Before I went to sleep.”
Noe put a hand on my mouth to shush me.
I looked up at him, but Noe was looking up at the leader, and they all followed the leader’s gaze back to me.
He was stony-faced, but beckoned me to take the first step down inside.
The boys on the other handles grinned, and I pulled myself out of the water, putting a leg down the hatch, looking for footing on the now wetted rungs descending into the darkness.
As excited as I was to lead the group, I felt there was nothing I did to deserve it. Here I was napping on the beach. If I’d just swum out a little farther, maybe I could have been the one to find the submarine. This was pretty far from the area they’d focused their dives on. Likely as not, they came across the thing trying to figure out where I’d wandered off to.
The leader selected three of the teen boys to accompany me, and handed down a few flashlights as they descended after me.
I heard one of them whisper as they followed, “Para elegí de un líder…”
Selecting a leader?
It smelled like an old graveyard, so it worried me what the kids might see down here, and sure enough, we came on our first skeleton just as soon as we opened up the next bulkhead. The kids kicked at it and laughed, then rushed out ahead.
“Stay close!” I shouted. But they ran up ahead and I was left to exploring on my own.
#
When we emerged from the first recon, the leader looked me up and down and snorted.
Later, Noe told me what I’d done wrong. I had laid a claim. And it was a big one. I had upstaged the leader in a dramatic way. It didn’t matter that I protested to Noe. I had already claimed first sight of the submarine and had cemented that claim by successfully leading the recon down into it.
This was effectively my submarine. Not mine in the sense of personally owning it. But mine in the sense that all of its contents which would be shared by the village was, in essence, a personal gift to the villagers from me.
#
We mounted return trips to the submarine atoll early every morning. Each day, we stripped it of parts and took turns hand-cranking the makeshift ballast outlet until, two weeks later, the sub’s bay was cleared.
Though I wasn’t much good at stripping parts or wires, I was eventually able to avail myself in the only way I knew how. The Chinese submarine crew had apparently included a large contingent of Brazilians, which meant it had likely been sunk before the Sino-Brazillian hostilities. The upshot of this was that many of the controls had labels in Chinese and Portuguese. I even found a Chinese-Portuguese dictionary in one of the cabins, which let me make rough translations of just about all the controls and documentation.
I suppose as native speakers of a Spanish deprived language, the Banguigui would have been much better than me at puzzling out spoken Portuguese. However, none of them were literate in anything but Arabic.
So, there I was, almost certainly the only Chinese-to-Portuguese-to-Banguingui translator in the world.
The leader did his best to avoid me, and when I tried to meet his gaze, he looked through me.
Despite the chill I got from the leader, the villagers warmed up to me dramatically in those days. I ended up getting to know a lot more of the them by name and personality, roving from room to room as people called my name.
“Lus! Lus! What does this mean?”
More often than not, my clunky translations proceeded from puzzlement through laugh-out-loud error to effective-enough. I’d label each button and switch, and in the process, helped teach many villagers how to read and write their own language. The young women picked it up faster than anyone else, but as soon as they did, the young men followed me around asking how to write shall we say—intimate—letters.
#
The leader had ordered the stripper crews not to touch he electronics of the bay, and when he flipped a great guillotine switch, I saw why.
The dim glow our flashlights was droned out by the blue-green lights of the bullet subs. They were all on the same charging circuit. As the elder electronics expert, Mrs. Noe had joined us today, and she and the leader wasted no time in tracing the extent of the charging system, marking it along the way with a rainbow of brittle old zip ties.
This is what would have to come out intact.
For the remainder of the dry season, the stripping crews and the bullet sub extraction crews worked side by side, finishing their respective jobs in the sub’s bay, deftly repositioning to avoid getting in each other’s way.
#
It had been several months, and I was growing accustomed to their…hospitality wasn’t the right word, since I worked hard for my keep, if not every bit as hard as someone like Noe, then at least as hard as some of the young women. Whatever the word for my relationship with Noe and his people, they were kind to me, and I to them.
We always worked hard, but those months in the submarine atoll were the hardest. Long days every single day.
 
I missed weekends in Montreal.
 
The first group home I lived in, I used to do kitchen duty. Seven or eight years old, I’d set the auto-clean on the ovens while I strained the crumbs out of there frites fryer and wiped down the waffle iron and griddles, under the watchful eye of Miss Alejandro, who everybody called Lehan. I was up before dawn every morning except Saturday and Sunday. 
 
When I got a little older, I worked at an Outlet World in Mississauga. Twelve hour days sorting bins of other peoples’ discarded clothing. I hear there used to be laws about that kind of thing. But for us there were no breaks. I just ate a big meal of scrambled eggs and toast in the morning and a pile of plain fries when I got off. It didn’t pay well, but at least it was safe compared to the jobs my friends took at tire recycling plants and fisheries on the lake. Saved up just enough money for the island ferry, and the occasional trip to Montreal on the weekends. That, at least, was one break from it all. They could work you to the bone all week long, but the last of the unions fought like hell to keep the weekends. Even as the rest of the labor laws wend down the drain, we managed to enshrine the weekend as a god-given right. Five on, two off.
 
#
A few fives and twos into my stay with the Sea Gypsies, and I found myself invited to stay with Noe and family. They’d rigged up a little rowboat to hang underneath a trap door in the brushed aluminum compartment that served as their kitchen, a few feet above the frothy ocean. They gave me a few minutes of time alone in the kitchen every evening to wash up, but in the mornings I awoke to the smell of “Mrs. Noe” and her daughter, whose name I never learned, cooking sticky rice.
Mrs. Noe’s missing front teeth left her looking like she was permanently sucking at her upper lip, but when she smiled, it was hard not to be drawn in by her genuineness.
I had gained weight among the sea gypsies. Before my captivity, I'd been a bear of a man. The girls on campus had taken turns riding piggy back at the bar every weekend, but the Yakuts had poured atrophy upon me. 
Now that I could eat and work, my muscles were returning. I was still lean, but my biceps and cavs were starting to bulge. It seemed comical. And still, I couldn't laugh. 
When I noticed this, I stared at my limbs for hours after a Saturday lunch.  The family left me be, lighting a candle for me when night fell. I sat up late in the greasy light, massaging my muscles as I tensed and released. At dawn, I let out a light sigh and blew out the candle, counting it an accomplishment. 
In those few moments of dim dawn light, I washed my face in the aluminum sink that looked for all the world like a repurposed commode from the old 947 jetbus that first flew me to Moscow, complete with the blue ring stain. I poked around the kitchen before bedding down, still amused by the novelty of a room that wasn’t bone-bare, picking up a loofa, feeling its strange fibrous squeeze between my fingers, picking up a knife makeshifted from a piece of aluminum siding. I always put the items back where they came from, in exactly the position for fear, I think, that Manchary would comment on my curiosity, and the chuckling would bring the Koryak.
    There was only one thing I didn’t put back where it belonged.
One evening, in the dark of the oceanic night, I caught a glimpse of reflected moonlight shining from the cracks in the cupboard under the sink. I swung the cupboard door open to find a box full of people shakers, most half-filled with the residue of salt melted by seawater and dried again into a crust. The tops of the shakers were beautiful, slightly yellowed silver with lightning traces of deep blue iridescent patina.
     The one thing I missed in my captivity was salt. All I ate for years was boiled potatoes or kasha, with no seasoning of any kind. I used to scrape my own sweat, on lucky days when it got warm enough for me to sweat, and smear it on the back of my bed plank, to scrape it off in tiny amounts as salty wood flavor. Now, here at least two dozen salt shakers with salt still inside—apparently unused--for the villagers seemed to prefer their packets of soya. I had to have one, so I took one.
I took to helping the family in the kitchen, exchanging trivialities, smiles, and the occasional cigarette. Noe made faces at the daughter, drawing laughs from her, and the family in turn. I tried to join but my Banguingui did little good when it came to inside jokes with long family backstory.
#
A storm was coming, and I cradled my precious salt shaker that night, swaddled in rags in my rowboat swinging from the underside of the kitchen. Those nights were nice, cool, and calm. And the time passed slowly, pleasantly. 
There was a light rapping as I climbed into my rowboat, curling around my salt shaker, as a piece of flotsam buoying against the floats that bore the village. I couldn't get to sleep and I decided to climb down and take care of it. 
The waves were fierce, but the enormous artificial island barely rocked. From the rigging underneath, the village was posts and dangles, hulls and floats. Most of the upside area was shanties, and below this there were great telephone-pole props leading down to enormous flotation devices like bobbers of a variety of constructions—some were repurposed aluminum tankers, others were  great plastic pontoons cobbled together of myriad drinking bottles like the egg sacs of giant spiders of childhood nightmares. 
The source of the rapping was a brittled plastic baby carriage tangled in a net around one of the moorings. The net was tough, and to get it undone, I would have to follow it down and over to where the lower docks protruded onto the open sea. 
I leaned to watch the villagers, all elbow deep in storm prep. I’d asked to help, but had been ignored, or given duties so trivial I felt more in the way than not. The rocking of the village had been ringing the Centerbell since early that afternoon. Between the posts mounting the planked areas to floats, I saw Noe shimmying up with duct tape in one hand and bubble wrap in the other. A feat in this downpour. He compounded the feat by somehow getting the tape to stick as he wrapped up the bell like a package for delivery.
The bell was silenced.
In the distance, I could see the swells of the open ocean, gray black like charcoal, backlit by—the moon? No. I could see the moon’s reflection on the waves’ frontsides. I stared, only feeling a sense of how large the swells were by their slowness of motion. Glacial, tectonic. When one had subsided, another had risen behind, also backlit, obscuring the source of whatever light was out there.
Dangling by an arm and propped up by a foot, I swung back and forth on the mooring post, giving in to sluggish rocking. And stared. Into the moon-mirrors, into the black coal, staring. Staring until the incident angle of the light source in the distance reflected off a wave-wall to port. And in that moment, I saw what looked like a ghost city painted on the water.
I squeezed my eyes closed and open a few times, and lost it in the distance. Would there be islands nearby? I’d assumed we were in deep ocean. I hadn’t yet begun to wonder where we actually were in the ocean. Crossing directly from the Russia far east to the American west coast would have taken the sea train across the north Pacific. But in my time with the Banguingui, there seemed to be no change in the seasons. It was mostly hot and dry. I assumed the dry season would give way soon enough to the wet season. If so, then we’re much farther south than where I was tossed overboard.
I spoke with Mrs. Noe that evening, not mentioning the phantom island.
“Are there islands around here?” I asked.
“Rondik,” she said.
“That’s a day away.”
“Now. But we will move closer.”
“Does the village travel far?”
She nodded, drawing a big oval in the air with the knife she’d been using to shuck barnacles. She made the oval again, this time narrating the circuit: “Caledonia, Marshall, Australia…”
I didn’t know how to ask whether the village can be steered. “Always the same path?”
She considered. “Sometimes different.”
“So, no islands near here?”
“Long ago,” she said. When I gave her a questioning look, she went on: “Water takes land,” she said, holding the knife horizontally and lifting it as if raising the sea.
Her Banguingui was more idiomatic than Noe’s, clipped here and there, with lots of words that sounded…maybe Filipino.
“Where do the people go?”
“They move. Like us, some. Some go to other land. Kiribati. ”
 
#
The next night, I decided again upon climbing down onto the dock and into the open. Again, I marveled at the relative calm under the village was a universe away from the chaos outside. Though the storm had us well in its grasp, all below was swaying ropes and bobbing floats and light ocean spray. Waves tumbled over the end of the docks, and an awful wind hurled raindrops of all sizes,  pelting my face like gravel. Saltwater spray twisted my vision, but through the noise like a million pounds of frying fishes, I clearly heard the screech of grinding metal wailing from across the waves. 
I forced myself to look into the blast. There were lights shining from inside a giant skeletal dome. It was bucking the waves, so I couldn't estimate it's heading. 
I scrambled up the inundated rope ladder to the courtyard. Deserted. After all that activity this afternoon, people had hunkered down with their families to ride it out. 
I screamed at the top of my lungs, but the incessant rain drowned me out. The Centerbell stood mummied in bubble wrap, but I climbed the pole and tore it open like a present. The lights from the dome dazzled over the village, and my heart pounded. The rim’s lettering was visible from here: [Auth. note: The bell’s rim is a quote from Rime of the Ancient Mariner or maybe the Tempest.]
I rang the bell as hard as I could, the wrappings flying off in the wind. The rain had let up, and the bell's ring cut through the wind's swish and whip. 
I clung to the pole, unable to take my eyes off the looming dome. It reared in the waves, its barnacle-crusted leading hull slowly rising high above the docks below. I heard a yelling from the village and a series of sharp whistles, just before the Goliath dome smashed down on the docks, pitched so I could see over its jutting ribs to the dwellings in concentric rings. 
And then the quake. Wrenching metal squealed so loud I thought my eardrums would rip. My fingers squeezed tight on the cold metal but I knew I would slip several long moments before my fingers gave out. My mind refused to accept it even as I tumbled, thinking "My foot's still on, if I only could hook it around," then I slammed into the planking. 
I sprung up, dazed, and looked at all the villagers looking at me...no, they were looking past me. I staggered round. The courtyard floor curled, splintery, upwards like a crashing wave, but torn down the middle. Through the great gash, the village in the dome was visible, and its doors were opening.
Dazed villagers from the dome stared up at our dazed villagers. And the wind howled. My head spun. 
There was stillness of all but the downpour as everybody absorbed the situation. What looked like a lightning bug squiggled through the rain and landed on my neck. I swooned, stood straight, saw the blur of people running screaming into battle through blurred vision, then collapsed. 
 
 
 
Chapter 00: Silverware
I came to again, to a chaos of noise and motion. I was hunched against a wall. Noe was standing beside me, trying to light the wick on what looked like a pipe bomb. The rain had settled down a bit, but the wind stifled his flame. There was a low rail and I couldn’t see what was happening beyond.
I tried to stand, collapsed.
“Get him out of here,” said one of the other villagers.
I got to my knees and looked over the rail. The villagers still clashed on the splintered planks below, all sinew and blood and electric discharges flitting about. Within the battlefield throng, three piles of dead bodies had formed; one whose faces were strange to me, and two whose twisted faces were all too familiar.
The invaders were armed with objects reminiscent of exterminators’ equipment—thin tubing that sprayed electrical discharges in ways that looked impossible to aim. Each one led to a white plastic football-like tank dangling from the fighter’s belt. As absurd as it seemed, they were able to take down five men at a time, making strangled sounds as they collapsed, twitching.
A few of our men were swinging machetes or boat paddles, but the majority of men, women, and children just piled on the invaders, ripping with bare hands at weapons, hair, and faces. We seemed to outnumber them.
I stood and put an arm over Noe’s shoulder.
“Take him away,” insisted the villager again.
“No, let me help,” I managed.
I was able to shield Noe’s lighter from the wind long enough for him to light the wick. He threw it, almost before I was sure it was lit, and pulled me down to the duckboards with him, covering his ears.
Before I had time to cover my own, the explosion rocked below us. We looked over the railing and saw the carnage we’d wrought. The body of an invading fighter was twisted, wrapped around the centerbell pole, a gaping hole in the deck where he had just presumably stood. We were destroying the village as fast as we were destroying the enemy.
#
As the battle battle died down, and we spent much of the day chasing off those left behind by the retreating islanders. They fought and were killed, or they swam off in the night, no doubt to their deaths.
#
I was just settling into sleep-dark when I heard the deck-muffled sound of strangled screams, male and female, and clingety-clang of someone frantically rifling through silverware. I came above decks to see Noe and his daughter unconscious or dead on the kitchen floor.
The invader turned, a mask of anger carved deep into his face.
He had a heavy, squarish face that didn't quite fit its skin. Like a brick in a thick wool sock. His age was indeterminate. His skin was sun-blackened and his hands were rough and calloused white. They grasped a handful of forks and spoons.
Then he was a blur, throwing the utensils down and I was slammed into sleep-dark when something concussed violent on my cheek. A bloody salt shaker tumbled across the floor. I inhaled blood and coughed and felt the cool wind probing a gaping hole torn in the skin of my cheek. He lunged but I kicked him in the kidney and he rolled into fetal position while I fell to my knees, woozy.
I pressed the ball of my hand into where my cheekbone should be, felt crunchy grinding and winced. Dazed, I pulled myself onto my feet. The intruder had dumped the kitchen drawer all over the floor, and the contents of Noe's family treasure box on top of that. Sorted piles stood alonside the mess. He’d apparently been triaging the valuables.
I tried to kick him in the ribs, but he turned and kicked back, knocking one foot out from under me, still clutching a silver chain. Fucking pirate. He rolled into my other foot, and I tumbled, splattering my bloody cheek on the deck boards. He was on me, holding my neck. He was strong but skinny. His skin seemed thin.
I pictured my hand grabbing his neck, and it happened. At once, my thumb and fingers clamped down, wringing a fistful of tendons. He screamed but I held tight. 
He writhed. 
I pulled back my other arm, bringing my fist down on his delicate cheekbone. It shattered and he cried, wrapping hi skinny arms around his head. I realized he was just a boy. 
#
I backed up, righted myself using the kitchen counter. I took the aluminum knife from the back of the sink and waited for him to lunge at me. When he didn't, I nudged his shoulder with my foot. He rolled onto his side, crying. He pulled his jacket around his chest, and two silver salt shakers tumbled out, tocking across the floor.
And then I stabbed the fucker under the jaw.
As he bled out, I started to giggle. At first, just a little thing. Then a chuckle. Then I burst out with a laugh that sounded like a cry of pain, doubled over like I was vomiting laughter all over the floor. I couldn't help it, and I couldn't stop it. His blood crept towards me and I laughed myself breathless.
When Noe came to, I was on my hands and knees, howling hysterically in a pool of blood. I could barely see him through the tears in my eyes, but I heard him.
"Jesuchristo,” he mouthed before rushing to tend to his daughter.
In my adrenaline, I hadn’t realized she too was bleeding.
“I will take Nisha to the elders. Leave this,” he said, gesturing to the mess of goods and the lifeless body on the kitchen floor. “We will take care of it in the morning.”
 
#
I spent the darkest hours of the night awake in my swinging compartment, watching to see if the blood would drip through the cracks in the floor’s aluminum welds. But it never did.
I finally fell asleep to the sounds of Noe cleaning up the body and putting away the silverware at dawn.
#
Waking up late in the afternoon, I was surprised to see that the only evidence of my struggle last night was a shinier-than-usual kitchen floor.
I was beginning to understand he villagers' lingo  pretty well. So, when I tried to lend a hand, lugging a bucket of sand to the largest of the remaining fires, I was taken aback when the young man said, "No, sir," and reached to take it from me. 
"Is there something else I can..." 
"No, sir. Please go," he repeated. He shook his head vigorously, holding his hat and bowing.
I had just gotten well enough yesterday to get out of my rowboat, and when I'd exchanged good mornings briefly with Noe, I'd gotten the sense he was giving me the cold shoulder. I assumed I deserved it for what I'd done to the pirate kid. 
I didn't want too look for him now, but I felt even more out of place and confused than usual. The other villagers seemed happy enough to see me, if not eager to interact.
When I did track him down, he was chill as I'd expected. He was jubilantly tearing out melted wiring from a seized pirate jet ski but his face dropped when i approached. I asked if there was somewhere I could be useful. 
"I don't think they would let you," he said. 
"Why not?"
"You should ask them," he said.
"Well, can I help you?" 
He sighed. "Go to the Hall. Maybe they'll let you help there."
The villagers were exuberant with work. The pirate attack had left a lot to be repaired, but the surprise victory charged the atmosphere. Kids whistled while they worked and old women clapped at each other's efforts. 
Outside the village hall, I caught up with a young man, one of the leader's attendants I recognized because he'd been beating the biggest drum at the gathering. 
He was swinging an old pair of headphones like a bola, singing a modulated tune in pseudo-Arabic. When I approached, he shrieked, "Ha-ha!" and struck a pose right out of an old Robin Hood movie. "There he is," he declared, letting the headphones fall at my feet. 
I was dumbstruck. This was the most any villager besides Noe had ever said to me unprompted. And now, when Noe didn't seem to want anything to do with me.
"What do you want?" he asked.
"What do you mean?"
"Whatever you want," he said, "I was told to provide for you when you came. If you came."
"Why?"
The boy laughed, shaking his head. "Don't you know you're a hero man?"
"So," he said, "what do you want?"
I laughed.
“I don’t know,” I said. “What should I want?”
#
I spent the day on a small deck jutting off of the village’s spire, watching television as the sun set on the horizon. I felt bad not helping in the work, but the boy had insisted.
[Auth. note: What does he see on television?]
I had dozed off by the time the young leader showed up, and his hand on my shoulder jolted me awake.
He looked at me gravely, and I offered to pitch in with the building of that evening’s fire, but he said no.
“Necesitamos hacer cosas para que sepan que apreciamos a nuestros héroes.”
We should do things to let it be known that we appreciate the heroes.
“I’m not a hero.”
He waved this off.
The leader’s attitude towards me seemed to have chilled. He seemed cautious, but resigned. He squinted a bit as he considered me.
Then he pulled up a chair and pointed at the television.
“You know this one?” he asked. “Watch.”
Some kind of melodrama interspersed with explosions and aggressive sex scenes. I wasn’t sure what to think about this. I hadn’t thought about sex in so long. We watched with the sound off, and the leader burst out laughing whenever somebody got hurt.
#
[Auth. note: He gets lunch in the town hall as it were, and the reactions of the other villagers were something akin to awe. That night, he’s invited to watch TV with the leader again.]
[Auth. note: Luce gets invited to watch TV with the leader—a great honor. Late at night, they tell stories. Luce tells his own stories, and discovers he's really good at their language. Much better than he thought. Up to now, he's only really spoken to Noe. We need some science fiction elements before this section.. Maybe on TV, the see how futuristic the world is outside of their own narrow sphere.]
#
 
 
Chapter 00: Handy
[Auth. note: Luce tries to get Noe into the inner circle of the village leaders, but he isn’t interested. Noe says he's happy for Luce, but the “elite” lifestyle is not for him. However, Noe's wife does want him to do more social climbing, which causes even more friction between Noe and Luce. Eventually, Noe ends up leading a new faction that wants reforms. Luce continues to become close with the village’s leadership, ultimately transforming from storyteller to something like general, and ultimately taking on the role of de facto kingmaker. When the young leaders is killed, the council wants to appoint his preteen son. Luce, drawing on his conflict resolution background, believes it’s best to let the culture pursue its own traditional norms of leadership transition, but Noe's faction opposes this. Eventually, Luce finds himself in the position of choosing whom to support. He tries to remain neutral and tries to unite the factions, but the leadership takes this as support for Noe’s reformists while Noe takes it as support for the leadership. In a contentious meeting, Noe declares himself leader. Almost immediately, civil war breaks out. Neither side wants to claim Luce.]
#
[Auth. note:  The village is in shambles, fires are bursting out everywhere. Some of the remaining village leadership shepherd Luce to the village’s “booty room” which will serve as a safe space—but only at the behest of Noe’s wife and daughter. In essence, it’s a guided cage. When he is let out, it's to lead him to a banquet in celebration of the victory over Noe. He eats with the newly crowned child king. When they bring him back to his new room, a pile of pirate booty is on the window sill. In the pile is a handy (cell phone). Actually, there are many. And one works.]
#
[Auth. note: The handy works but can't get a signal. Luce carries it with him so he can listen to the music that's on it (what do pirates listen to?). One day, it buzzes and he sees that it's picked up a network: The Midway Island Environmental Authority. It gives him a menu of options. One option is to connect to the emergency rescue facility. He selects “Request permission to connect”, and it prompts for a user name. After trying variations on “Lucient Fagan” several times, he enters "HelpLost@Sea" in the username field. He goes out on the dark and silent ocean each night on his jet ski and checks for a response. After several nights, they connect him to the Sefarers’ Support System and he sends an email to the address listed on the connection page.]
#
[Auth. note: His emails forwarded around a bit, and eventually lands in the email of his sister.]
#
[Auth. note: He gets an email from his stepsister, Kendra. She’s skeptical that it’s really him, but after a few exchanges, she comes around. We learn a bit about Luce’s background here. She calls him “Lucy”.]
#
[Auth. note: Luce leaves the turtle scute in front of Noe’s door and slips away from the village one night without even saying goodbye. He gets picked up by a helicopter on Green Island (a tiny atoll in the vicinity of Midway Island). All he takes with him is his salt shaker.]
#
 
 
 
 
Hatchlings, Part II: Americana

[The “mother” of the group home is Peruvian...she served soda (what’s the Peruvian term?) in sandwich bags, with a staw. ]

Chapter 00: Homecoming
 
[The Midway Island Authority transfers Luce to a small cargo ship wich was diverted just for this purpose. He’s awoken one night by a sea train rushing by, terrifying in its scale and velocity. After being dropped off in Portland, Luce is picked up by a guy named Ry Taragan. He’s an administrative assistant to the head of Ramloco, the company that bought out Luce’s contract after the privatization of the United Nations. He has a few hours of rest before he’s supposed to appear at a party. He assumes it’s in honor of his return, but it’s not.]
 
#
 
[Ry picks him up for the party. He’s not ready, and Ry basically has to get him dressed. Ry walks him, almost literally dragging him by the wrist, to the car. It’s a hovercar, but it’s way nicer than the hovercars Luce remembers.]
 
[Add the bit about the Koryak appearing in Luce’s dreams. Also add the part about Luce getting a transdermal installed.\]
 
“You should probably get showered,” said Ry. “There’s clothes in the closet.”
Luce doesn’t know how to pick out clothes, so the guy gives him some corduroys and a button up shirt, lamenting the lack of nice clothing. “If they wanted you to come to a party, they could have at least given you something nice to wear.”
“Who are you?”
“Oh, sorry. I’m Ry Taragan. Assistant to the executive assistant to Mrs. Reyes.”
“Mrs. Reyes.”
“The CEO…I’m with Ramloco.”
“Ram loco?”
 
[Ry explains that Luce’s contract was bought out, so he’s basically now an employee of Ramloco—“as a courtesy,” Ry is quick to add.]
 
 
[Luce's homecoming isn’t what he expected. What *had* he expected, anyway?]
 
"Hi Mr. Fagan. I'm Ry, I work for the president's office of Ramolco, the oversight organization of the Midway Islands Restoration Partners. On behalf of the president, and our company, I apologize that we haven't had time to arrange a special reception in your honor. But your return coincides with a meeting of the partners and the international development working group, so we want to cordially invite you to the meeting, as well as the pre-meeting press conference."
I didn't know what to say, and I said so.
"The President will be there. The President. You should come."
 
I showed up an hour early, but Ry shouted "There you are!" from across the room. She pushed through the crowd and straightened my tie coarsely.
"Do you have any prepared remarks?"
"I didn't know..."
"That's fine. That's good, actually. All you have to do is stand there and look nice. You clean up really well, has anybody ever told you that?"
I rubbed my face. It felt gaunt, and I thanked him awkwardly, and told him he was too kind.
 
The president was short and round, short of body and of hair, round of body and of face. And she had to stand on a--well, a box, really--to stand above the bank of mics on the lectern.
 
“Ry,” I said, "do you want to get out of here?"
"You mean--? Oh--," he said, then pointed to his ring finger.
"Ah, I see. Sorry--"
"No worries, it's okay. Actually, the president is my wife."
I must have looked confused, because she said, "Sorry, not the President." He chuckled, "I meant Larnie Reyes, the president of Ramolco. Again, she sends her apologies that she couldn't make it. But she is a very busy person."
She grabbed him by the arm, and pointed at a crowd of reporters. A barrage of camera flashes and a round of applause rose and fell quickly. He tried to smile and wave, but it must've come off as half-hearted at best.
"Okay, we have to go now," said Rosemary.
"It's over?" I hadn't even noticed the President finishing his speech.
"These things are really quick most of the time. Haven't you noticed the pace around here? Follow me," she said.
 
She pushed her way through a shoulder-to-shoulder crowd. I was surprised to see her brush past the president--the President--and several men and women who, by their attire, must have been other heads of state.
 
"Luce, I want to introduce you to the Ambassador Dr. Siva Carter," said Ry.
She was a slight woman, but her handshake was strong.
"Pleased," she said, and walked off.
"Tough crowd, huh?" said Ry.
I raised an eyebrow and she laughed.
She pulled me over to a clot of people standing in a rough circle next to a tea service and veritable cityscape of liquor bottles.
 
#
 
[Luce gets pulled aside by men with barely-concealed sidearms. They start asking him questions he doesn’t understand. Come to think of it, they don’t really seem to understand the questions either.]
 
"What's your connection with Igiklav Noooo-nut-nut-noo-noo-tan-kaaa--vaaaa-- Nuu-tan-KA-VA-VO-vich?"
When he finally got it out, I said, "Nutankavavovich," though I couldn't figure out what ethnicity it was. I knew it was Russified something or other. Probably. Something from the Russian Far East, for sure. Igiklav Nutankavavovich. Sounds Chuvash maybe.
"He's a Russian national from Vladivostok. We think."
Then it dawned on me. No...
"What else do you know about him?" I asked.
"Well, your friend--or whoever he was--was found at the bottom of the Pacific. You said you were thrown off a sea train in a shipping container?"
"A red one," I said.
"Yeah, well. I'll check on the color. But this Igiklav guy was found at the bottom of the ocean in a shipping container full of shoes."
"That's the one," I said. I shuddered inside.
"Well, it damn near landed on top of an autominer. Ended up blocking its rounds, and when it radioed to Pacific Magnesium, they went down to investigate. They pulled him out last week, and we got called in." He paused, like he was waiting for something, then went on, "I saw him myself. The guy looked like he was made out of Greek yoghurt--sorry if you knew him..." He said, and he leaned in like he was looking for a reaction.
The Ambassador squeezed my arm.
"It was the Koryak, wasn't it? Yeah, that's who you're talking about. I'm surprised he looked like anything," I said.
"What do you--" he started, but I knew what he was going to say.
"I killed him. I smashed his head in with a--"
"Clear the room," he said to the air.
Another two agents, or whatever, came in and escorted Carter out, though she protested: "I'm his council--I demand..."
The door shut.
"What do you know about Mr. Igliklav?"
"Not much. I killed him. He deserved it."
"Nobody's going to shed a tear over the guy, trust me. He killed his family--wife, kids. Even killed his herd of reindeer, if you can believe it. Can you imagine killing twenty-something deer with a knife? Unbelievable."
"Honor, I suppose," I said.
"But you can't talk like that. I don't give a flying fuck what you did to that shitsack. But we don't need an international incident on our hands. So convince your friend the Ambassador--cute, isn't she? ...just give her a reason not to talk."
"I'll just retain her as council, I guess."
"That'll do. Anyway, don't ever talk about him. I mean, tell me what you know, and then forget you ever met him."
If only.
"I told you, I don't know anything about him--" I paused, but he kept looking at me expectantly. "Ok look, they brought him in after a hundred and fourteen twos and fives...um, sorry...I mean," I did the math in my head, "I was with the Sakhas for about two years, but I made nice with them, so they changed me to Russian supervision, but I talked to them too--I knew a lot of Russian jokes from my time in Moscow. I think they brought the Koryak in--no, I know they brought him in--because he didn't speak any language I spoke."
"Or maybe just because he doesn't take no shit.... Didn't. Take take any shit."
"Yeah, all of that," I said.
"What else can you tell me about him?"
"He's cruel--was cruel. I don't want to talk about him."
The agent nodded, and gave me a card with a mail account scribbled on it.
"Call me if you want to talk," he said, then escorted me out of the room.
 
[Does Luce eventually call the agent who left the calling card? ...the card literally calls the agent when triggered….that's how you know the agent is serious.]
[Later in the book, the killing of the Koryak becomes a major problem when Luce finds himself negotiating between aliens and Earth.]
 
 
#
 
[He's pulled aside by a secret agent asking what his connection is with  When Luce actually realizes he's talking about the Koryak, who they apparently found in the container, which landed on top of a deep sea mining unit--Carter offers to sit alongside as his lawyer, since she's got a degree in international law--Luce admits to having killed the guy. The agent clears the room, including Carter, and says nobody will lose sleep over this guy who killed his family, but they don't need an international incident on their hands, so he tells Luce never to talk about that again, and to find a way to convince Carter she didn't hear it.]
 
I took a breath and breathed in the courage to put to a hand and croak, "Hi, I'm Luce. I'm a translator."
Or, at least, I had been. Made as much sense as anything else I might've said.
A man with wavy salt-and-pepper hair down to the small of his back put a bottle down and smiled, saying, "We know, very pleased to make your acquaintance."
He clasped my hand in both of his, and said, "We're honored."
We stared at each other for a moment, then he added, "I'm Marem. I'm a musician."
The whole group, and some bystanders erupted into laughter. Ry pulled me close and told me what the joke was. Apparently, Marc Emile--Marem--was a major pop star.
Marem took a few moments to make introductions, and Ry excused himself.
It turned out that all of us spoke Russian, although Marem had an accent so familiar that I couldn't quite place it at first—not quite French. Cajun, perhaps? I almost laughed when I realized. Quebeçois? It was such a familiar accent in English. Funny to hear it in Russian. I almost reached out and patted him on the shoulder. A gesture I’d seen the Yakuts do frequently, declaring ‘My countryman!’ But I wasn’t ready to reach out.
Another man, a scarecrow-looking guy with a shaved head who Marem introduced as the director of the St. Petersburg Museum of Contemporary Art, had a distinct Sakha accent.
"I imagine what you've been through, Mr. Fagan." I waved this off, but he continued, "Nothing I say could begin to express my condolences, but I feel compelled to apologize for the conduct of my countrymen. They too have been through a lot."
Again, I tried to wave this off, even as the perversity to this guy's statement sunk in. And he went on, "but if you'll beg my pardon," he said, "I don't understand what drew you there in the first place. Many of us," he raised his hand, "fled our own land years ago."
My mind was reeling. They've been through a lot? But this direct question caught me off guard. "I, I--well, I wanted to feel needed. I wanted to help. Those people were at each others' throats and I thought I could do some good. I thought...I don't know what I thought--I fell in love with the language--Yakut and Russian--" but my Russian was failing me, and I switched to English. "It seemed as though I could grab the combatants by the lapels, and give them the words they needed to negotiate their struggles."
A silence fell locally, a bubble of stillness in the midst of the gala.
Several in the group took the opportunity to swig their drinks, or to pour new ones. Marem put his hand on my shoulder, and his glass in my hand.
I took a sip. Vodka with cucumber. I took another sip, then closed my eyes. I could hear the Koryak whispering incomprehensible in my mind. Another sip, then I turned to Marem and asked, "So, what kind of music do you make?"
"Sing him the Moscow song by Jove," said the bald Sakha.
 
[Somebody at the party tries to mansplain Sakha to Luce. He doesn’t need to hear it because he’s lived it, and he knows the ins and outs it better than they do. He’s also not in an emotional state to talk about it right then. ]
 
That brought some uncomfortable laughs from around the group. The Sakha excused himself, and took a couple of the other Russians with him.
I touched my glasses. [Insert something earlier about Google-glass type devices that everybody has. The Sakhas had pulled out his old fashioned implant, leaving him with cataracts. The new ones are operated with eye tracking; no implants necessary.] I looked out "Moscow song" but just brought up a bunch of uninteresting information. When I added "Marem" to the search--I assumed the spelling, accurately as it turned out--I was confronted with thousands of audio and video clips, lyrical analysis, and dozens of commentators laughing as they watched a live performance of Marem at a Moscow music festival singing a song called, in Russian, "Letter from Sakha".
Hello mother, hello father...I have gone to camp in Sakha...the food is good here, tastes like leather...hope they let me write this letter... It went on like that, absurd, to the howling laughter of Russian socialites and international media. The sound poured directly into my ear, the video overlain against the background of the party.
While I was viewing this, trying sort out the video people from the actual people at the party, the real live Marem kept talking, talking, talking, in that grating accent. About what, I don't know. I was nauseous.
"I have to go," I said, brushing Marem's hand off my arm.
Dizzy, I made my way to a restroom. There are no stalls, just freestanding toilets and sinks. I bent over the nearest one and dry-heaved.
"You don't want to throw up there," a woman's voice said, "that's a bidet."
I didn't care, couldn't care. I just leaned there, breathing cold, ironically fresh air from the porcelain basin. The video kept playing... Ivan's lost to...diarrhea...Sven's contracted the pneumonia...I'll pay my respects to their remains...If I manage just to choke down this bologna...
I threw the glasses across the tile floor, thought I heard a gasp, didn't care.
I thought I fell asleep, and awoke to a hand on my back.
"Is it morning?" I asked.
"No, no," said a voice sweetly. "You were only dozing a few minutes."
I inhaled the chlorine-clean bidet air and looked up, into the face of the Ambassador.
"Dr. Carter," I said. "I'm sorry you had to see me like this."
"Nonsense," she said. "How are you feeling?"
"Better, I guess."
"Good," she said. "Will you join me at the party again? There really are many people here who wish you well. We did our best to track down your friends and family, but I'm afraid we came up rather short. We're still trying to contact people you might know. You have been gone a very long time indeed."
I held my mouth, feeling my eyes wet at the corners.
"Now stop that," she said, "I've met a lot of very strong people, but nobody as strong as you."
I smiled and felt a tear drip onto my arm.
"You okay?" she said.
"Yeah," I nodded, actually feeling lighter than ever, happy even. Really happy.
"Ok," I said, "let's go."
 
[Ambassador Dr. Siva Carter introduces Luce to a lot of American and South Asian diplomats, and generally makes nice with everybody. Luce gets through the rest of the party alright, but is relieved when it's over. One of the party-goers says "By Jove!" which triggers a conversation in which Luce learns of the discovery of intelligent (or maybe-intelligent) life in Jupiter’s cloud tops. Since then, “Joviana” is quite the rage, although Luce will discover to his consternation, that it’s only skin-deep fad. Few are actually knowledgable about or interested in Jovian culture. Instead, they just have Red Spot keychains and Io tattoos.]
 
"By Jove!" said the councilman.
"Popular phrase," I mused.
 
[Marem gives Luce a bottle of liquor to take home with him. It’s from a distillery on Callisto.]
 
#
 
The car lifted off with a bounce.
“Mr. Taragan,” I started—
“Please, call me Ry.”
I scratched the cream puff stain on the corduroy.
 
#
 
[Luce doesn’t realize it, but he hasn’t changed his clothes since he first arrived in the States. Insert a scene where he’s changing into corduroys before the reception, and line about someone dropping a cream puff at the reception. Insert a line where Luce is wearing the corduroys to bed after the reception.]
 
#
 
“We have a very special surprise for you,” said Ry as he revved the engine.
“I think I’ve had more surprises than I can take.”
“Don’t worry, nothing will be expected of you.”
It was strange. Give me a language I’ve never heard before, and I would play with it and play with it until I got it. No talk too small. But in English—nothing to say.
I continued to have nothing to say as the car buzzed rooftops speeding to the river.
Soon enough we hovered over a small neighborhood on the opposite side of the river from the hotel. [Research Portland neighborhoods.]
“We tracked down your parents,” said Taragan.
“My parents?”
I grew up in a group home for American refugees in Toronto. As far as I knew, my parents dropped me there and ‘went north’, like so many of their generation.
“Which house is it?” asked Ry.
I shrugged.
“No problem, I’ve got it right here.” He punched up an address on the dashboard, and the car whirred into action. The neighborhood grew to encompass us and my stomach lurched. It was like a seastorm’s worst swell.
We settled down on a soft green lawn in front of a house whose trim and shutters glowed in Christmas colors. As I approached the door, I saw the luminescent paint was cracked, and some parts were chipped away altogether, leaving a strange polygonal trace work of intersecting lines and dark patches.
The whole thing seemed to dim slightly when I rang the buzzer.
The mailbox read Mrs. & Mr. Evelyn & John Stang.
Who are these people?
The answer didn’t come when an elderly man with delicately veined skin answered the door, and it didn’t come when a frail woman took me by the arm and led me inside, walking  me down a hall along which stairs rose and photographs hung.
As the corridor opened up into a medicinal-smelling room, I saw something that could have been a shrine. Half-burned incense cones sat at the base of candle holders on either side of a photograph trimmed with gold foil and labeled “St. Dorothy” in pseudo-cyrillic calligraphy. Something struck a chord. St. Dorothy, patron of the workers.
  	
[The Stangs are as surprised as Luce that Ramloco rang them up.]
 
  	Mrs. Stang sat me down in a plush chair facing the window. She sat her husband opposite me.
  	“Would you like some tea?” she asked.
  	“Yes, please.”
  	Mr. Stang stared at the coffee table that stood between us. The Christmas lights blinked through the window, throwing green across his shiny forehead.
  	After just a moment, she returned with a bamboo tray and poured the three of us lukewarm black tea.
  	"You were always such a nice boy,” she said.  
  	It wasn't true. She must have been remembering one of her many other adopted kids.
  	
[The meeting with the Sangs is awkward at first, but eventually, Mrs. Stang eventually asks him about Sakha. He brushes her off with a platitude, but she starts to talk about their experiences in Malaysia and this leads Luce to open up, and they have a conversation in which we get a lot of Luce’s backstory. They taught missionaries' children until one of their close friends was arrested and executed for allegedly trying to convert Muslims to Christianity. Many other expats were ejected from the country at the same time.]
 
"So many ugly memories. It's easy to forget how beautiful we found Malaysia when we first arrived."
 
"I didn't find Sakha particularly beautiful. There were some great sights to see if you were a tourist, I hear. Where I was, it was just dreary. Reminded me of rural Minnesota. But the people were fascinating. They tried so hard to get what they wanted. I had so much respect for them." 
 
Then I told her the whole story.
 
[How much background to include here? We should get an impressionistic overview of Sakha and the conflict told through Luce’s interpretive lens.]
 
#
 
[BACKGROUND ON THE CONFLICT IN SAKHA]
 
The conflict in Sakha is driven largely by environmental and technological changes which are reshaping Siberia’s biogeography and demography. Genetically engineered crops, especially those featuring more efficient chlorophyl allows a dramatic increase in agricultural products, and an accompanying population boom. This creates a shift in the power dynamic in which local and regional governments whose newfound economic importance feel they have the muscle to push for greater autonomy. This plays into the ethic tensions that simmered under the surface for centuries, particularly resentment at the Russification which has proceeded apace since the 18th century. While the actual extermination of the colonial era subsided, the waves of Russian colonists from the west and the cultural assimilation of remaining ethnic minorities led to near extinction of many local cultures.
 
Usually referred to as “The Magadan Conflict” after the city in which hostilities first broke out, even though the stakes of the conflict primarily involve the independence of the neighboring Republic of Sakha. The name of the territory is in dispute. Under Russian authority, it’s been referred to variously as the Republic of Sakha, or the Autonomous Republic of Sakha. However, the independence fighters refer to the area as Yakutia. There have long been rumblings for independence from the indigenous Sakha/Yakut people, but it wasn’t until the ethnic Russians, who dominate the area, decided they want independence from Moscow that the conflict really boiled over. These Sakha Russians take on the mantle of Yakut independence in their propaganda and  but generally treat the yakut people as a political soccer ball. Thus the sides, broadly speaking, are: Moscow-loyalist Russians vs Pro-independence Sakha Russians. Ironically, most Yakuts are now against independence. Yakut ethnic extremism was once a rare, very fringe phenomenon, but it was very violent when it did happen. However, in the decade before the Sakha rebellion, the Yakuts were radicalized by neighboring Buryats whose own independence movement flared on and off for years before burning out with no resolution due to sheer exhaustion of forces. Despite promises to the contrary, Yakuts generally fear the Sakha Russians will gain even more power in an independent state. However, some Yakuts, especially young men, do side with the independence movement and form a large chunk of the fighters. Many of them realize they’ve gotten in over their heads. Various other Siberian ethnic minorities have mostly tried to stay neutral, although many individuals may side with one group or another. These include the (thoroughly russified) Itelmen, who tend to side with Moscow, the Evens who mostly side with the Yakuts, and the Koryaks/Chukchis who have largely tried to keep out of the fray.
 
Beyond the main conflict, a variety of other players have been involved, and the independence movement is only the nexus of a continent-wide political and social upheaval.
 
The breakdown of infrastructure in Sakha and surrounding areas has provided an opening for rival powers in the broader region. While the far eastern regions of Siberia remain nominally loyal to Moscow, the conflict zones have effectively cut them off from western Russia. In this power vacuum, Chinese interests have prevailed. The Chinese (PRC) government has maintained official neutrality, but haven’t been entirely covert about encouraging Chinese nationals to take advantage of trade opportunities in the now cut-off areas. They call these policies “emergency trade rules” and assert they are only in place for humanitarian reasons. In practice, however, the policies seem to be an effort to undermine Russian authority and assure Chinese domination in the post-conflict world, no matter how the conflict turns out. The reality on the ground is that the vast majority of “Chinese trade envoys” (ostensibly meaning private merchants encouraged to open up trade into Russian territories) are, in fact, members of organized crime groups whose most obvious activity—“hostess clubs” (brothels)—are largely fronts for moving resources and stolen goods out of Russian territory. Diamonds are the most obvious example, but everything from various mineral ores to jewelry and silverware are being extracted in a virtual torrent of goods. Meanwhile, on the way into the region are arms, drugs, armies of sex workers, enormous gambling establishments, and liquor (most notoriously knock-off tar/kymys (aka airag/ayran/kumis)—fermented mare’s milk favored by Yakuts, but often mass-produced with cow’s milk—laced with formaldehyde, heavy metals, and who knows what else). Along with the crime, an increasingly large transfer of population from China is happening as roadside stands become permanent fixtures, and up-and-coming Triad leaders take over small villages with their newfound economic muscle. In the countryside located well away from the hottest conflict zones, it’s not an uncommon occurrence to see parades of SUVs celebrating a young Chinese mobster’s wedding to an even younger Siberian bride, rolling past brand new McMansions with freshly-filled in ground pools.
 
In contrast to the Chinese interest in solidifying central Asian hegemony, the Japanese government maintains a truly hands-off approach. But not to be outdone, Japanese organized crime has taken a keen interest in the area. Centering on Vladivostok, the Triads have set up a similar array of grey- and black-market activities. Since their interest in eastern Siberia is really just a cover for involvement further west in Sakha, they don’t really care about the Triads so long as they keep their activity restricted to the eastern coastal area. Thus, the Triads have had free reign in a narrow strip extending from Amurskiy Bay to the coast across from Sakhalin island, rarely venturing farther inland than the Republic of Amur. A visitor could be forgiven for believing that the Yakuza now ruled Vladivostok outright. An additional wrinkle has emerged as the conflict drags on. Chinese Triads have ceased to be satisfied with restricting their own activities to the conflict zone proper, and have expanded southwards into Mongolia, along the main contraband thoroughfares, and east towards Vladivostok. Recently, it has become clear that there is a simmering turf war between the Chinese and Japanese gangs.
 
The interests of organized crime generally align with each other, leading to competition. Chinese Triads want some order because they rely upon an effective infrastructure to move massive amounts of contraband, but they thrive under diminished rule of law. Similarly, Japanese Yakuza like the relative order of eastern Kamchatka, but need the Triads to remain occupied in the conflict zones. The long term goal of the Triads—and perhaps the Yakuza—is to have the the Sakha government firmly in their pockets, regardless of which side wins.
 
NGOs have had a limited humanitarian impact because the Chinese government has argued their own efforts at encouraging trade are sufficient. To their credit, they have actually underwritten many of the itinerant merchants who supply most staples and durable goods. Whether this underwriting actually translates into lower prices is a matter of widespread debate. Of course, the PRC’s ulterior motives are fairly apparent. Instead, NGOs have focused on conflict resolution and communication support.
 
Another major player is the Almazy-Rossii Sakha Diamond Company (ARSDC), which has vowed strict neutrality. Along with humanitarian NGOs, Almazy-Rossii is among the few entities who have official dealings with both the Moscow authorities and the Sakha provisional government. ARSDC is trying to consolidate its monopoly, but management conflicts have left the company teetering on the edge of a breakup. They’ve been determined to continue production, and they hire partisans from both sides (since the outbreak of open conflict, their near-poverty wages are considered very good). Their operations are the closest thing to a neutral zone in the region. “ARSDC” is jokingly referred to among the NGO crowd as “Arse-Dick”. The Mirna Diamond Mine is the company’s primary regional home base.
 
The conflict has also seen a great deal of demographic shift as populations have fled the area, while other populations have streamed in. Sakha has become increasingly Yakut in demographics as Moscow-loyal ethnic Russians have fled westward. Ironically, the remaining Sakha Russians have tightened their grip on power in the Republic as the de facto government has made greater and greater wartime concessions.
 
Interestingly, there has been a dramatic increase in Koryak population. This started before the conflict, when warming-driven expanded grazing lands led to a resurgence in traditional pastoralism. More and more urban Koryaks sought to return to the traditional lifestyle, often mortgaging houses and pawning valuables to purchase reindeer and yaranga (yurt) materials. Coinciding with this return to the land, many young couples chose to have children, to complete the traditional lifestyle, and for the first time in living memory, the Koryak population experienced a baby boom. But the traditional ways require traditional wisdom, and few were able to transition successfully into self-sufficiency. Looking for ways to keep solvent, many turned to selling reindeer meat, reindeer kymys (fermented reindeer milk, aka airag, ayran, kumis), and crafts to tourists in urban centers. But a sudden glut in the market, combined with a decrease in tourism due to the conflict in the neighboring territories, led to a wave of bankruptcies. Many Koryaks caught up in what was to become only the first wave of bankruptcies, sold or rented their herds to other up-and-coming wannabe pastoralists. Those who didn’t, sold to banks, who turned around and re-sold. The second wave of bankruptcies hit even harder, and the now swollen ranks of neo-pastoralists faced a debt crisis that ended in widespread poverty, crippling two generations of Koryaks, with no end in sight. Alcoholism, suicide (and sometimes familicide), and crime skyrocketed. Though they had a recently-strengthened tradition of fierce independence, a significant minority of Koryak men were swept into the ranks of the Sakha rebels. Others, sensing more opportunity with the wealthy regime in the west joined Moscow-loyalist fighters, leading to brother-against-brother warfare where both brothers are proxies for outside forces.
 
The Koryak language had been nearing extinction in the 20th century. Most individuals spoke Russian and the one-time linga franca of the region, the closely related Chukchi language, even at home. However, the resurgence in neo-traditional culture led to a generation of Koryak monolinguals. This linguistic insularism further exacerbates the economic and social problems that now plague the Koryak people.
 
PRO-INDEPENDENCE: Most Sakha Russians, some Yakuts. Unofficially, China (PRC) who hope to provide technical assistance to the booming mining industry, as well as a big cut of the profits.
ANTI-INDEPENDENCE: Some Sakha Russians, almost all other Russians, most Yakuts, Sinophobic Chinese expatriates
SEMI-ALIGNED: Chinese Triads, Japanese Yakuza
MOSTLY UNALIGNED: Itelmen, Chukchis, Koryaks, Evens, Evenks, Buryats, ARSDC
 
ARSDC
Russian Name: Алмазы-России Саха Даймонд Компания
Transliteration: Almazy-Rossii Sacha Diamond Kompaniya
Translation: “Diamonds-Russia Sakha Diamond Company”
Acronyms: АРСДК/ARSDK/ARSDC
Pejoratives: Arse-Dick, Assdick, The Cartel, The Company
 
#
 
[LUCE’S EXPERIENCE IN SAKHA]
 
Straight out of college, Luce went into the Peace Corps. Because of his interest in the Russian language, he was stationed in Chersky, in the Nizhnekolymsky district of extreme north-eastern Sakha, far from the locus of the conflict, which was largely limited to the south of the republic at the time. He had originally hoped to be stationed in Ukraine, and was disappointment with this appointment. Because the Corps is (mostly) perceived as an arm of the US government, he found he wasn’t able to develop genuine relationships with most of the Russians he came into contact with in the economic development work he’d originally been tasked with. However, a small part of his work was delivering meals to elderly people living in rural areas of Nizhnekolymsky. Some of these were the last speakers of the Yukaghir language, which Luce ended up learning. Quickly becoming disillusioned with the Peace Corps, Luce left and moved back to the states, eventually getting a job with the United Nations as a Russian translator. By the time he was 25, Luce had secured another overseas job, also in Sakha. This time, he was stationed in the capital at Yakutsk was with a UN-affiliated NGO, where he worked as a translator and conflict resolution consultant. His appointment in Yakutsk coincided with the escalation of the conflict to full-blown war. Because of the shortage of human resources and Luce’s language proficiency, he quickly transitioned into a role as a junior negotiator. He quickly learned the Yakut language, though it isn’t related to Yukaghir or Russian.
 
While initiating a negotiation at a private residence south of Yakutsk, in the rural Aldansky Raion, Luce was captured by Sakha rebels. It seemed quiet, but one knock on the door, and all hell broke loose. The only things he's good at are languages, and conflict resolution. But of course, this means…no conflict, no resolution. At the story’s opening, Luce speaks English, Spanish, Russian, Yukaghir, and Yakut. He’ll eventually learn the Spanish-based Banguingui Creole, two dialects of the Jovian language, Brazilian Portuguese, a little Mandarin, and (perhaps) the Rogue language. Luce is able to get the Yakuts and Russians to treat him well as captors because he’s able to befriend them. He thinks of this as “negotiation skills” but in reality, he’s just a personable human being. He doesn’t recognize this in himself and instead sees himself as a socially awkward loner. The rebels’ commanders find their chummy relationship with their prisoner to be unacceptable. Eventually, a monolingual Koryak is chosen to take charge of the camp where Luce is held, in large part because Luce doesn’t speak Koryak.
 
Luce was held hostage for a total of about thirteen years. His release was finally negotiated by the US government through Moscow, as an exchange for a number of Sakha rebels. He didn’t know it at the time, but he eventually pieces together that the actual details of his transport back home were arranged by his captors with the Chinese Triads. It would appear that the Koryak was double-dealing, leading the Triads into a trap for ransom. Somehow, the Triads got wind of this, and decided to liquidate the Yakuts, along with Luce and the Koryak. The Triads needed to dispose of the bodies of their liquidated operatives and captives because they're on their way to the US, and the Koryak is a known threat in the intelligence community, while Luce cannot be allowed to verify the connection between the Triads and the rebels.
 
 
[ABOUT THE KORYAK]
 
Igiklav Nutankavavovich—Luce doesn’t learn his name until later—was Luce’s nemesis since his second or third year of captivity. He was beyond Luce’s negotiation skills because they didn’t share a common language, and because the Koryak treated prisoners as cattle. The Yakut guards were young, and could be creatively cruel in an immature way. By contrast, the Koryak wasn’t cruel. He was blunt and forceful. He wouldn’t tell Luce to get up and move, he would bash him in the face and point. If Luce was too slow, he would bash him again, often until he was knocked unconscious and could be dragged. The young Yakut guards feared and respected the Koryak, and encouraged Luce to do as ordered (mainly because they didn’t like dragging an unconscious prisoner around). They also whispered rumors about the Koryak when they thought he wasn’t around. This stopped when Nutankavavovich summarily executed two of them.
 
Luce should make enemies that persist through the novel. The Koryak should be a constant presence in Luce’s mind, but there has to be a more tangible threat. Perhaps, as the FBI and CIA are investigating the Triads and their relationship to the Sakha rebels, they tip somebody off to Luce’s continued survival, and a price is put on his head. This could be a strong motivation to pursue a new career path far away from the world’s conflicts.
 
#
 
[Luce starts by attempting to synthesize his thoughts about the conflict, but quickly proceeds to pouring out his experiences in a gush of emotion.]
 
The details I explained weren’t a tenth of it, I thought.
 
“How does it end?” she asked.
 
“It doesn’t end. Either one side dominates and enforces misery on the other, or it just keeps going for centuries, slowing down and flaring up. It’s two guys beating each other to a pulp in the middle of the street. Eventually, both sides get tired, and the blows get softer and softer. Right now, they’re hitting each other pretty hard. But you can’t sustain that energy forever. Unfortunately, you can sustain it for generations. But not forever. Look at Northern Ireland, Israel, South Africa. The conflicts there are almost points on a spectrum. Hundreds of years into the conflict, and Northern Ireland healed. Hell, I remember when it became a tourist Mecca. But then you had the Catholic Knights, and it’s threatening to flare up again. Sakha will go the same way, and if we’re lucky, it won’t spill over into Irkutsk. But you see, it’s already starting to. Homogenization helps. Hell, it’s already Russians vs Russians in Sakha. The Yakuts are along for the ride. The Itelmen and Koryaks are barely pawns in the game. The ebb and flow of history eventually mixes us together until you can barely tell who’s on what sides. Homogenization may be the best way we have to beat the cycle. But tell that to Northern Ireland.”
 
"I always knew you would grow up to help others. You were always so full of emotion.”
 
“I didn’t really fit in with this family, did I?”
 
“I’m sorry for that, Luce. I really am,” she said. “My sister always said midwesterners are bottlers. I guess ‘canners’ would be more appropriate. In each of our souls is a shelf of dusty Ball jars filled with mushy pickled emotions.”
 
They were my foster parents so briefly. She was just being kind. 
 
Liquid ran down Mr. Stang's leg. He sat there with his mouth gaping, a long string of drool sticking to his collar before continuing down to moisten his trousers. 
 
"Baby, you're making a mess," said Mrs. Stang, putting a hand on his knee. "Johnny, Jonny?"
 
His mouth was like the giant pingoes of the northern steppe. Just enough of the auroralike lighting illuminated the inner edge so you could tell it was deep, but the deep interior was so shadow-veiled that you couldn't see the bottom. It might've been infinite.
 
Mrs. Stang shook her husband's leg, and he stammered to wakefulness.
 
[Mr. Stang mutters something in Bahasa Malaysia. It sounds kind of like Tagalog, a little bit of which he picked up while at sea with he Banguigui and their allies, and Luce thinks he recognizes a couple words. He interpolates some interesting meaning. But if somebody were to actually translate it, the real meaning would turn out very bland. Maybe it’s “Mari kita pergi ke tidur.” or “Saya harap anda faham sesetengah teh lebih dari kedai.”]
 
Mrs. Stang turned to me and said, out of the blue, “If long life is your goal, then the best you can hope for is to eventually be the oldest person in the world. But in achieving that goal, all you've accomplished is to watch everybody you know die, one by one. Better to hope for an eventful life. Or better yet, a meaningful life.”
 
#
[Luce says his goodbyes to the Stangs, and meets back up with Taragan.]
 
“Mr. Tar—targ-targa—“
“Luce, come on. Call me Ry.”
“Wh…why are you doing this for me?”
“Are you going to drive yourself?
I laughed. “Maybe,” I said. “It looks fun.”
He gave me an oh, really? look, so I continued: “I’ve conducted jet-ski raids on floating islands. I taught the leader of the Bangungui how to pilot Chinese bullet sub. I think I can handle a car.”
 
#
 
[Ry lets him take the wheel of the car. Because of Ry’s ties to the UN, he managed to get a safety override code that allows him to drive freehand, which would normally be illegal. He says that Flynet will still prevent collisions with other vehicles, but you can get as close to buildings as you want, even drive right on the ground. Luce takes the wheel and has a little fun. But suddenly, his limbic system kicks in, and drives straight for the ground. Luce is practically in a trance. Ry wrestles back the wheel, shaken.]
 
#
 
[They drop him off and leave someone to stay outside his door. It reminds him of his captivity… and he feels protected.]
 
“This is your place. It’s not much to look at now, but there’s a really nice bed and a closet full of sheets and pillows. We made sure we got you a really good one. Really comfy. You can stay here as long as you want. As soon as you’re ready to look for a permanent home, just say the word.”
 
[He spreads out a sheet, and sleeps on the wooden floor.]
 
 
 
 
Chapter 00: Marzipan
 
[Luce finally realizes there's nothing here for him and goes into a downward spiral, becoming a recluse, stim addict, and couch potato.]
 
[Eventually, Luce’s sister shows up. She has to be mentioned earlier.]
 
“God Lucy, you’re such a mess..”
I just looked at her, trying to make sense of the familiarity. No. It couldn’t be… Really? Kendra?
“Sorry—I’m so sorry; I know you’ve been through a lot; I shouldn’t have. I was just answering the message from Ramloco.”
Without thinking, I stepped forward and she tried to jerk away, but I put my arms around her and pulled her tight, tears dripping from my eyes.
I hugged her and buried my face in her hair. The sounds coming from my wide open mouth were inarticulate, like a laugh strangled by a yawn.
She pulled away and I feared she would flee. But instead, she put her hands on my face, digging her fingers into my beard and leaning her forehead against my chin.
“Luce, I don’t know where to begin,” she said into my chest.
I pushed her back a little so I could look into her eyes. My sister. I wagged my head in disbelief. My real sister.
The rims her hazel eyes welled with tears, and soon we were both crying with joy and loss and I couldn’t take it. I crumpled and bawled my eyes out on all fours on the wooden floor while she rubbed my back and shhhh-shhhh’d.
 
“Seriously though, we’ve got to get you changed.”
I looked at myself. It was surprising how dirty you could get yourself when there was food and things around to dirty yourself with. I wore my old clothes for so many twos and fives until I couldn’t remember when I’d worn anything different. But I never once spilled anything on them. Every morsel of food went into my mouth. More than anything, they had felt dusty, dead.
Kendra whistled, “They’re really trying to butter you up, aren’t they?”
I wandered into the bed room. She was surveying the closet.
“Look at all this,” she said. “I heard about your reception. Looks like someone’s going to be expecting you to attend a lot of those.”
“Oh god, please no.”
“He speaks!”
“Hmmmph.”
“I was beginning to think you’d lost the power of speech.”
I just stared at her.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” she said, “I know you’ve been through a lot.”
I passed my had across the clothes hanging in the closet. There were so many fancy suits.
“Got some black tie events planned?” she asked.
“I have nothing planned.”
“Good, then we can go out for lunch,” she smiled. “If we can find something normal for you to wear. I am not going to take you to [diner in Portland] wearing a tux.”
 
We found what Kendra called “a hell of a track suit” and left the apartment despite my pathetic protests. I felt like I was wearing silk pajamas.
 
“What’s he doing here?” asked Kendra as we passed the company man.
“They left him here to watch me.”
“I’m here in case Mr. Fagan needs anything.”
“What, like his butler?”
[The guard shows interest in Kendra, asks for her number. But we don’t find out until later that he gets it.]
“I’m a certified personal companion and supporter.”
“Do you want him here?” she asked me.
I didn’t know how to respond.
“You heard the man. Your services are not required.”
“Miss?”
“Get out. Go. Shoo. Don’t you think my brother has spent enough time under lock and key? Go.”
“Well—what if he—“
“What if he what?” she said.
The man turned to me and they both stood silently.
“Luce. Do you want him to guard the door for you?”
“Nobody at my door?”
“It’s up to you, bro.”
“Nobody at my door?”
“It’s up to you.”
“Okay.” I felt unmoored, back at sea. Free.
“Alright, get out.”
“Ok, if that’s what you want,” he gathered his belongings.
“No,” I spurted. “No, stay.”
They both stared at me again.
“Stay,” I said.
 
She called a ground car and it pulled around the corner almost instantly.
“Want to listen to something?”
I sat in the car in silence as Kendra thumbed across the screen.
“You heard about the reception?” I asked finally.
“It was all over the news. You’re kind of a celebrity, you know.”
 
#
 
“Thank you for coming.”
She embraced me and I leaned into the hug.
“Are you coming back?”
“I have to catch a train back to Toronto,” she said.
“You’re still living in Toronto?” I asked.
“It’s about time you took an interest in how I’m doing,” she said with a wink. “I have to go now. You hang in there, Lucy. And come and see me when you’re ready.”
I nodded and we parted ways.
 
#
 
 
[He receives a small pension/benefit, which he decides to live on.]
 
[Luce’s Goal: To get a coconut cream pie. Guard’s goal: To follow Luce and make sure he a) isn’t going to see a lawyer/Ambassador Carter and b) isn’t getting into any other kind of trouble. No, but: He finds the marzipan turnover. And: The guard helps him order out.]
 
I slept long that night. I felt…safe.
In the morning—or was it the afternoon?—I left the hotel room and walked to the park I’d seen from the flycar the other night.
 
[On one of Luce’s trips outside to wander in the park, he’s propositioned by stim dealers, and he tries to purchase some, but doesn’t know how to use his credit sync—basically, a brain-operated app accessed via a non-invasive transdermal appliqué.]
 
[He notices someone following him, and for a moment thinks it’s about the Koryak. He catches the guy, and it turns out to be his guard from Ramloco.]
 
“I’m just making sure you stay out of trouble.”
 
[Add a moment where Luce sees a big park from above into the scene where he’s riding with Ry in the hovercar on the way to the Stangs’ house.]
 
[Luce remembers loving coconut tarts he and Kendra used to buy at a park in Toronto when they were kids. He finds a vendor that makes marzipan turnovers which are strongly reminiscent. They’re not as fluffy, and a little too sweet, but they grow on him.]
 
[Luce blossoms fully into life as a couch potato, figuratively eating up everything from popsci takes on neuroaesthetic reichology to local news cooking segments, and literally eating up whatever fast food can be delivered fastest. He’s especially fond of his marzipan treats, and watching coverage of Joviana, eagerly looking for anything involving the Jovian language. But, there are almost never any actual recordings of Jovians speaking. To the extent that it’s discussed at all, the Jovian language is thought of as a quirky, somewhat simplistic babble, likened to birdsong or gibbons’ chittering. Luce will later discover otherwise. (But will he recognize his own discovery when it happens?)]
 
I woke up in a sweat; when I stood, shakily, I could see the wet fetal outline sticking the sheet to the floor. Had I dreamt?
I staggered to the closet and pulled a blanket around myself. The sweat in my clothes still clung coldly to my skin, tugging all the hairs of my right side.
I shuffled to the door and stuck my head out.
I looked conspiratorially at my assistant: “Can you pick me up some of those marzipan turnovers?”
He laughed and said, “Come here,” pushing his way into my apartment.
He looked around the living room, pulled a plastic contact sheet off a shiny panel next to the bed.
“See this,” he said. “Watch.”
He punched a finger at the panel and it lit up pinkish orange.
“Come here,” he said. “Watch.”
Impatiently, he showed me how tap on the room’s screen and tell it where to appear on the wall. He turned on a gesture control and gesticulated at the screen, navigating to a shopping site.
“Here, now just tell it what you want and where to get it.”
I leaned in, awkwardly.
“I want a marzipan turnover. They’re in the park.”
The guard leaned in and added “[name of park].”
Twenty minutes later,
“Have you really been locked away that long?”
“They had Can-Deliver in Toronto when I was a kid, but I never got to use it.”
Thereafter, I ordered ten turnovers at a time, and whatever else I wanted. If I didn’t know where to get something, the guard would help me search.
I spent most of my days watching television.
And what I saw was amazing.
 
At first, I watched mostly cooking shows and comedy, but soon I spent several hours every morning watching the news reports. So much had changed.
 
#
 
The room had a small kitchen, and I was busy trying to make macaroni and cheese without burning it again, when I heard a report on Jupiter come on.
It was an interview with one of the researchers assigned to liaising with the floaters.
In the background, there was a window at which another researcher sat, tapping down notes onto a screen as a…thing behind the glass writhed in pale haze.
I waved the view to zoom into the researcher’s tablet.
 
Ahrm har ahrm raha, it said.
 
“Ahrm har ahrm raha,” I said. “Ahrm har ahrm raha. Ahrm har ahrm raha.”
 
Ahrm har ahrm raha.
 
[Luce’s pronunciation will turn out to be very wrong. Eventually, Luce will develop a proper orthography, and he’ll re-parse the phrase as A’hrmhau a’hrmraugha.]
 
#
 
 
I ordered a notebook and pencils, which came that evening. In the meantime, I set up alerts for anything related to the Jovians. Especially anything related to the language.
In the first few results, I learned that the Jovians were  apparently intelligent, but had no material culture. They lived their whole lives floating in the clouds. Because of the huge pressure differential in Jupiter’s atmosphere, they were only able to interact with humans if they floated uncomfortably high while the human researchers hovered uncomfortably low. The research base handled differential pressures, but the human vehicles that plunged into the atmosphere always ran the risk of failing.
There weren’t very many good pictures of the Jovians themselves. Just tentacle-like projections coming out of foggy air behind glass. Their orangy-pink…skin, I guess — seemed hazy itself, sometimes more warm in color, sometimes verging on lime green.
The researchers interviewed gave dry lectures on biochemistry. It seemed they had a lot of biologists and chemists, but very few cultural anthropologists, linguists, or diplomats.
I had a feeling that was going to bite them in the ass eventually.
Sadly—stupidly—half of the news coverage seemed to focus on the technology of the research platform…how it maintained buoyancy, what the docking procedures were like, what kinds of food the researchers ate.
I watched a two-hour documentary called “Life in the Clouds” which barely mentioned the Jovians at all.
After watching all day, I concluded, One: Only a handful of organizations bothered to send anybody to Jupiter, or even to conduct interviews of their own. They mostly just repackaged content from the existing programs. Two: Comparative linguistics was a dying field, if it wasn’t already dead.
That should’t have surprised me. Although at the UN, I was surrounded by people who specialized in the few remaining minority languages, my college career was marked by vain appeals to cognitive theorists to help me write grants for field research to record endangered tongues. Being theorists, however, they were little prepared to help me make a case to navigate the messiness of real-world language politics.
 
#
 
By the time my notebook and pencils arrived, I had exactly three programs queued up with moments of spoken or written Jovian speech. One was the report I first saw—turned out the person transcribing the alien speech was a telecommunications technician who came in and tried to talk to the Jovians as a hobby.
The main guy in charge of the cultural studies group, who appeared in the other two clips I’d uncovered, was—you guessed it—a cognitive theorist. It seemed he spent his time holding up mirrors and concocting object-recognition tests. The Jovians in the clips played along, but all the while, they were emitting audible vocalizations. They were trying to talk to us and he was having them play jumping jacks with hula hoops.
Although the audio quality was bad, I did manage to record a  couple pages of what I thought sounded like distinct words or phrases.
Their vocal apparatus made sounds surprisingly commensurate with human vocal anatomy.
 
#
 
[As Luce descends into self-indulgence, he gets fat, absorbing the details of the new world he lives in through television.]
 
[Luce’s favorite drink is proseco mixed with yoghurt, a facsimile of kymys (ayrag/ayran/kumis), the fermented horse milk drink common on the steppes of Siberia.]
 
[He never leaves the apartment, which was supposed to be temporary, but as far as Ramloco is concerned he’s convalescing and out of the way.]
 
[He gets so heavy he has ankle problems and walks with a cane, but still enjoys living vicariously through the television.]
 
[Luce continues wearing the same clothes day in and day out. Eventually, his corduroys get too small for him. Yes, he’s still wearing them. He roots around in the closet for something that fits, and settles on a bed sheet.]
 
[As Luce gets more and more pathetic, even he guard eventually gets concerned for him. He calls in Ry, who says Luce will be fine. “If that’s the way he wants to live, then fine. Who are we to question?”]
 
[Luce keeps a notebook of Jovian expressions he hears on TV, transcribing them as best he can.]
 
[Luce’s sister, Kendra shows up again.]
 
“Oh Lucy, look at you. You look horrible,” said Kendra. “You’ve gotta take care of yourself. What are you doing to yourself?”
 
“Maybe, but I think I’ve cracked the language.”
 
She looked at me as if she what I said didn’t make sense.
 
“Let’s get you fixed up. We’re going out.”
 
[Kendra takes Luce out, tries to get him to go to a gym, but all he wants to talk about is the Jovian language.]
 
[She’s desperately trying to get him interested in the outside world.]
 
[She takes him to a club, tries to get ladies to hit on him.]
 
[She eventually takes him to a brothel.]
 
[When she returns, she finds him doing stims, trying to talk to a bartender about the Jovian language.]
 
[She takes him back home, failed.]
 
#
[In order to help Luce function, he’s fitted with a transdermal appliqué which allows him to access the equivalent of the internet.]
 
[A day or two after he gets his transdermal, a Triad leader appears as an apparition in his mind. It’s a long rant threatening him and encouraging him to kill himself, saying that if they catch him then suicide will seem like a gift by comparison to what they’ll do. It goes into detail, and loops when it’s done. Luce desperately tries to block it out. Eventually, he says “help”, and the transdermal enters a help mode. From the help mode, he's able to navigate a series of spectral menus. He can do all sorts of things, from changing the avatar to one of several default avatars, or custom avatars culled from his own memory. The only thing he can’t do is actually shut it off. He switches through many different avatars—his sister, Mrs. Stang, Noe. Eventually, he almost accidentally tries the Koryak. It’s strangely comforting.]
 
[Eventually, Luce figures out that he can leave the avatar in the help mode menu, and it will simply repeat variations on "How may I help you?" "May I be of service?" instead of going on the Triad leader’s rants. He switches the default language to Swahili, which he doesn’t speak, so at least he can kind of tune it out. It’s still maddening though. Now he’s stuck with an image of the Koryak saying “How may I help you?” in Swahili, in Triad leaders voice.]
 
[In desperation, he tries to cover his head with pillows, hides under the bed, in the closet, under the sink. The sink kind of blocks out the signal a bit. Eventually, Luce sticks his head inside the apartment's safe. When angled just right, the specter of the Koryak disappears, but he has to remain standing.]
 
[Luce seeks out the help of an IT group, but they berate him for not knowing the name of his service provider. They tell him it's illegal to disable internal neural networks. What are you doing, they ask, trying to evade bill collectors? He doesn't tell the truth, worrying that revealing what he knows about the Triads and the Koryak and others could lead to more unwanted attention. After doing some research, he figures out the idea of a Faraday cage (a mesh that acts as an electromagnetic barrier). His first attempt is to cut out the screen from his apartment window, but it’s not metal, it's polyplex so it doesn’t work. Next, he tries borrowing a sieve from the apartment complex's kitchen. This seems to work a little, but only by using several sieves does he manage to kind of block the signal. He duct tapes them around his head, and gets some rest, but they fall off in his sleep. Finally, he goes to a hardware store and buys some metal screening, ignoring the salespeoples' stares as he wraps it around his head. It works! He spends the next several months at home, with a metal screen wrapped around his head.]



#
 
[Months later, Kendra shows up again. There’s a different guard now, and this time, she brings somebody.]
 
 
He didn’t fit here. His dusty brown hair interfingered with gray, his simple glasses, perfectly clean and crisp from ribbed sweater to suede boots.
 
“Lucient,” Kendra called me by my real name, “this is Brian Lumiere. He’s my friend from Toronto. We used to work together ”
 
[Luce is incensed, and explodes at her, but the stranger asks to see Luce’s notebooks.]
 
[Brian Lumiere is an anthropologist, and a consultant for the Jovian research council. He’s greatly impressed by Luce’s efforts at cracking the Jovian language, but doesn’t think somebody who walks with a cane is well enough travel into space. Instead, he suggests some people to ask about possible ground-based study efforts. He offers to give Luce a letter of recommendation.]
 
[Luce wants to go to Jupiter.]
 
[1st meeting with Brian Lumiere:]
“Well, I can’t make heads or tails of it, but if you write me up a summary,” said Lumiere, “I’ll pass it along to our linguistics team.”
Linguistics team? I thought. More like a bunch of amateurs. 
“Either way,” he continued, “you should interview for the team. I’m impressed with the efforts.”
I stammered.
“Interview? Really? How does that work?” injected Kendra.
“Just fill out an application at the Consortium. But, you’ll have go get in shape.”

“I want you working on this,” said Brian. “And I think I can get you into the translator program.”
“But you’ve got to get yourself cleaned up if you’re going to Jupiter,” added Kendra.

#
 
[How does Kendra know Brian Lumiere?]
 
#
 
[Luce goes on a  mission to get cleaned up, but dieting is too hard, and he strains an ankle trying to jog.]
 
[Feeling the opportunity slip away, Luce seeks out stims from the brothel his sister took him to before. He uses the stims to work up the energy to fill out applications, haunt the offices of the Jovian research council, and continue refining his language notes. After a few weeks, he’s lost weight.]
 
#
 
The stim patch tucked behind my ear prickled wickedly. There was always slight nausea at this point, as I felt my head lighten and buzz.
My heart heaved oceanically.
The room brightened.
The air crisped.
I snapped up my papers and slapped them on the kitchen counter. I placed them in a precision grid covering the counter and stovetop. Top to bottom, left to right, with about a millimeter of separation between sheets.
My notes had been scrawled in my usual perfunctory handwriting. But even that seemed somehow neater now. The words looked almost embossed into the paper. Had I been stressed writing them? That seemed impossible.
I started reading from the top, saying each word until my pronunciation exactly matched my now-perfect memory of the alien tongue on the news reports.
My Sakha came back to me too, along with my Russian, and the bits of Yiddish I’d picked up at NYU. Somehow that part of my mind that sponged up grammar and sound became hyper-awake, and oddly, the other languages felt like they loaned themselves to the puzzle at hand.
It felt like each language was trying on the Jovian phonology like it was in a changing room at a clothing store.
  	None of them fit the structure of the sounds I’d transcribed, but something funny happened.
Between trying the Jovian sounds in each of the language structures, a new shape emerged. As if only by putting your pants on your head, and the your arms, and then your butt, could you feel out the actual shape of the pants.
I didn’t think I had anything like the real grammar of the language yet, but certain arrangements of utterances felt right and others felt off. Maybe there was just an internal logic to the words themselves that had eluded me up to now. Or maybe I was seeing ghosts.
But I read the words on the page aloud, and without knowing what I was saying, I thought I knew what order to put them in so they held meaning.
 
#
 
[Luce soon gets an offer to interview as a Jovian linguistic researcher. He manages to get himself shaved and changed and fashions his metal screen into a liner for a baseball cap, and this seems to do the trick. It looks kind of dorky, and he’s not sure he wants to go to an interview in it, but it’s all he has. He arrives at the interview on time and dressed in a tux, which was all he had left in the closet. But the interview sign-in sheet includes an agreement to test all applicants for stims, and he chickens out.]
 
I was feeling pretty good in my powder blue suit.
The secretary seated me and handed me a tablet to fill out the application.
She seemed annoyed that I didn’t have the implant so I could just autopopulate the form, but I ignored her glares and tapped out all of my info. I put Brian Lumiere and Ambassador Carter as references, although I barely spoken to either, and I didn’t have their contact information.
Five pages in, I stared at the screen.
I was expected to a drug test.
“Excuse me,” I said, “Is there a restroom?”
The secretary pointed me out the door and to the left.
“Good,” I said, then dropped off the tablet and opened the door. “I’ll be right back,” I said, and left.
 
#
 
[Luce is devastated more than he would have thought possible. He's determined to get strong again, and find another way into the Jovian research facility. He decides to get out and start living life again, looks for a job, and eventually is able to parlay all of his hours watching cooking shows into a job as a short order cook. He loses a couple more pounds, using stims increasingly heavily, as the other wait staff are heavily into the drug scene.]
 
#
 
I blinked through the job offerings, and there were quite a few of them, though most were positions based on Callisto or Io. Research jobs were rare. From what I gathered, the consortium that managed trans-belt research had been deadlocked on funding issues since the first hostilities that led to the outbreak of the Sino-Brazilian war eight years ago.    	Representatives from both countries were on the board, and most of their backers attached riders to funding streams prohibiting their donations and investment capita be used towards facilities that employed “enemy civilians.”
This was’t a big deal for the mining facilities, since they were largely staffed and managed by individual countries, but it wreaked havoc with the research side, which had always been self consciously transnational. As it was, most of the researchers on the Jovian platform were Brazilian, and of course, most of the researchers were Chinese, so the same labor relations that ruled dirtside, ruled in Joviana.
With all the jobs on offer, it was daunting just sorting through them. The consortium was hiring a ton of engineers—probably ninety percent of the positions—so I could scratch those off the list pretty quickly. But that left just under a hundred other offerings. There were positions for clerical staff, which I though I could do, but would probably have me sitting in an office on an orbital station somewhere, and I’d rather be sweeping floors than be a desk jockey.
I briefly considered enrolling in pilot school so I could apply for a one of the handful of assistant copilot positions. It would be a few years of work, but a pilot definitely wouldn’t be stuck in one place. The only thing that kept me from pursuing that line of thinking was my uncertainty about rising through the highly specialized ranks. Driving a mining rig wouldn’t necessarily qualify one for piloting a drop ship, and a passenger ferry may or may not be the right kind of pilot job to get me close to the Jovian cloud platform. Besides, from what I’d seen on the Trans-Siberian railway, those with very particular specializations had a tendency to hold on to the positions for a long, long time. I talked to a Chuvash crane operator who’d been in the same position for twenty years and still going strong until a freak wind gust knocked him onto a rail spike and sent him into chronic pancreatitis. Nobody else in northern Asia was trained to operate that particular make of crane, so the dockyard was crippled until somebody completed several years of training, or the company could buy and install an new crane.
After an hour and a half of sorting, I’d whittled the list down to a dozen positions. There were vacuum technicians, logistics coordinators, a cook, a few radio operators—that was getting closer to what I was looking for—and even a dermatologist. Apparently, hydrogen sulphide exposure was a major problem on Io. But none of the jobs was really up my alley.
I powered down the screen and got dressed. I needed to get some air. And maybe a marzipan turnover.
But on my way out the door, I passed the mirror and realized my corduroys were stained from crotch to cuff. I looked like shit. And I looked like I smelled like shit.
So, I got undressed again, ordered a razor rush delivery, and showered. The buzzer arrived at my window as I was toweling off, and I nodded at it as I took the razor. It was charged and ready to go, and after filling the sink with gloppy piles of foam and whiskers, I washed off my face and was astonished with how old I looked. I looked like my dad, and absent the beard, it was clear I even had my dad’s double chin.
I walked, naked, back to the bedroom. This time, taking care not to look in the mirror, and went through the closet.
I wasn’t going to wear that stupid track suit again, and the only jeans Ramloco had supplied were marred buy an ugly orange floral pattern on one leg, and huge block letters on the other: MAREM.
Ugh.
That left a tan suit with suede-like elbows, shoulders, and knees, or half a dozen tuxes.
I went with the tan suit.
 
#
 
  	A crack snaked its way across the wet sidewalk, the storefront's luminescent ad loop catching its edge and making it flash like lightning.
I waited in line behind a tall man in a leather suit, holding hands with an indecisive toddler. The three of us—me, the leather man, and the marzipan guy—watched news on the sidewalk.
The sidewalk projection was buckled across cracked old pavement with asphalt patches. It blared travel advisories and showed footage of an ocean floater, a big one with a now-crumpled modern take on an old-fashioned crow’s nest. The report said it had been scuttled off the Oregon coast.
“I used to be king of one of those,” I said.
He looked me up and down, spat on my shoes, and walked away.
The marzipan salesman shook his head.
“You looked more kingly when you had the beard.”
“So, you recognize me?”
“You’re my best customer.”
“But I haven’t seen you in months.”
He chuckled, “I’ve seen you. Those buzzers have eyes. You’re looking better.” He paused, “Were you really on one of those artificial island things?”
I nodded. “Not one like that.”
 
[Luce finds that with his Spanish, he can understand a little bit of Brazilian Portuguese. I’ll have to insert something earlier about the marzipan turnover salesman being named João or something.]
 
[He manages to get a job on the kitchen staff of the floating platform deep in the Jovian atmosphere, where Jovians and researchers meet to study one another. He’s able to get the job, in part, because he can speak Portuguese, and most of the kitchen staff in the Jovian system is from Brazil.]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hatchlings, Part III: Joviana

[The Jovians need to navigate the magnetic field lines to "power" their nervous system. It's mainly passive, like an insect's circulatory system, pushed along by the magnetosphere.]

[Jovians are very creative.]

[Luce talks someone's ear off on the Sakha conflict once he opens up and realizes he has a lot to say about it... but the other person feigns interest for a while until finally... "Shut up!"]


[Luce distrusts the head of linguistics, but this is only his projection.]
[One old timer has Manganism]
[Deinococcus radiourans gene therapy]
[Manganese drops for radiation … overdoses?]
[Outer Jovian system vs inner Jovian system. The latter is almost cut off from outside.]
[Chernobyl organism gene therapy, and Samosely descendants. Residents of other high-radiation environs may have inherited immunity. Fukushima? 3 Mile Island?]
[Induced resistance w/ exposure to low levels of ionizing ratiation.]
[Many people have weathered faces from radiation exposure. Interestingly, a few don’t.]
[Manganism = Parkinsonian symptoms]
[Residents of naturally-high background radiation areas may have generations of inherited immunity. Such areas include Ramsar, Iran; Guarapari, Brazil; Karunagappalli, India; Arkaroola, Australia; Yangjiang, China.]
[Bone marrow and G.I. tract transplants from resistant people may be required for non-resistant personnel.]
[Jovian exploration timeline: 2030s, China lands on Callisto w/crew piloted by Yangjiang and Ramsar radiation-resistant crew (Iranians faired much better, possibly having deeper roots in their home region. 2040s: Trojan ice mines. 2050s: Established bases on Castillo, Europa, Io, and Ganymede. 2070s: He3 mining in Jovian cloud tops. 2090s: Jovians are discovered.]
[Jupiter and its system are mostly cut off from the rest of the solar system. But less so with Callisto.]




[Jovian culture: Storytelling motifs & structure] 

[Turns out Jovian has already been translated, and Luce was all wrong.]



Chapter 00: Waitstaff
 
ON THE WAY TO JUPITER
[Auth. note: See Technical Note 2 on challenges of exploring Jovian system.]
 
[Luce embarks for Jupiter. He’s especially eager to `leave Earth because he thinks he’ll finally be able to take his “tin foil hat” off and be free of the constant buzz of the avatar in his head. He finds out quickly that leaving Earth doesn't work...it just switches to the deepspace network.]
 
  	I settled back in my flight chair, the guy net to me was talking under his breath, whispering to his appliqué. I’d do this myself if I ever used the voice functions, but most people seemed to consider it rude to mumble to yourself when you could just use nonverbal.
  	I pulled the bill of my hat over my eyes as we were launching, and as the launch buzz cooed out and the right angle of the seat seemed to get more comfortable I dozed off.
  	
#
 
              	I awoke with a start—my hat had fallen off my head, and I scrambled to put it back on and make the mumbling of the Koryak stop. But even as my hand seized on it, I realized the mumbling I was hearing wasn’t the Koryak after all. The man next to me continued to mumble business dealings and what sounded like press conference remarks to himself.
I hurriedly put the hat back on. But once I had calmed down, I tentatively lifted it off, an inch at a time. Was it true? Had I finally escaped my live-in tormenter?
I looked down and to the right, and thought I could glimpse a hint of the avatar in the corner of my eye, flickering off and on.
An announcement announced itself on the plane’s speakers.
“We’ll be leaving the radiation belts, and you can go back to broadcast mode.”
“Oh, thank god,” said the man in a speaking voice. Then, back in whisper: “Send recored messages.”
The Koryak popped back up and began his growling in Swahili… “
 
[He’s more distrasaught than ever. Then, suddenly… entering Jupiter's magnetic feild makes the avatar go away. It hisses out, and only reappears if he uplinks to the deepspace network, which he is required to do periodically [for work?]. There is talk of an upgrade to the system, enabling a permanent link to the deepspace network. This terrifies him.]
 
 
 
 All of the news feeds were shot in press rooms or laboratories. But the flight to the research platform was adventure in itself.
We—the other new cook, and a medical intern—had transferred from the interplanetary transport system to a Jovian freight truck in orbit around Ganymede via automated ferry. Both the truck and ferry were completely automated. There are no human staff on board. I found that comforting.
The interplanetary was aging, but immaculately maintained. Buy contrast, the ferry to Ganymede gave me my first taste of the Jovian system. Gunpowder-smelling fines sparkled on the walls. I nodded at a tall low-g woman who was getting off as I was getting on, and I sat down in her seat because it had already been wiped clean. The others just sat down in the grime. By the time we were shuffled off the ferry, across a short expanse of the black ice moon, we all looked like we had been shaded in pencil strokes. Everything associated with the planet seemed to be coated in dusts of various colors and textures and odors. In the truck, it was sulfur-stink yellow and slightly sticky. Hand prints and finger-drawings decorated the otherwise barren metal walls up to the height of a man. Luce was here, I offered.
The truck took us to Amalthea, and I spent the whole time staring out a tiny port, punched through arm-length shielding, at the face of the giant planet. We were coming in close. From here, Jupiter looked like a large beach ball [= 43 degrees = 86 x Moon] sitting on the heavily-curved horizon of Amalthea. The base was a kilometer away, and it just poked over the horizon of the long axis. The near axis horizon seemed significantly closer. If you ever wanted to feel like you were standing on a giant football… or maybe a giant ridge. Many segments of the horizon were bitten into by escarpments falling off into craters.
Amalthea is a little chunk of oblong debris, a tiny compass needle pointing straight at the heart of Jupiter. When the truck sat down on it, I could feel the ka-chunk of the braces locking into the moon’s surface.
We walked along a tether to the hangar.
There were no windows on the deep drop ship.
 
WELCOMING CEREMONY
 
[Show a ritual crew introduction ceremony when Luce joins the platform crew. And a ship naming.]
 
  	“Come down to the galley,” said the man. “We’re doing a reception for the new crew members.”
  	Oh no, I thought, not another reception.
  	
  	What was called “the Galley” was apparently another former tanker, a long, cylindrical space with one flattened side that served as the floor. They hadn’t even bothered to flatten out the protrusions which accommodated the anchors that once must’ve bound the flat side against some fusion ship or another.
  	If I’d expected another Ramloco gala, I was pleasantly surprised. There were only six others on the whole platform, and it just looked like a simple home meal was in store. But who cooked it? I wondered.
  	Simple as the gathering was, there wasn’t even music. Just three of my soon-to-be coworkers milling around, pouring drinks from a little makeshift wet bar set up on a barrel awkwardly standing near the edge of the tanker, where the flattish floor curved up into cylindrical wall.
  	I sidled up to the plastic barrel and nodded at the group.
  	“Hi,” I said.
  	“You’re the new one,” said one of them. “Welcome to the Quad.”
  	“The Quad?”
  	“That’s what this area is called—sounds too college-y to me.”
  	The group was a petite south Asian woman in long cotton, and two sturdy people with dark skin and Chinese style top knots bound in electrical wiring. They were maybe also male, and wore earthdirt-colored full body mechanics’ suits. Two of them drank from beakers, and one from what looks to be a huge lug-nut cover.
  	“Hi,” said one of the mechanics. “I’m Chibueze, and this is Clement, and Bao,” he said, indicating the Asian woman last.
  	“So, you two are the new cooks,” said Clement, nodding at the just-arriving Felix.
  	“It doesn’t look like you need any new cooks,” I said, waving at the long table.
  	Bao chuckled, “You think there’s going to be a big meal? Sorry, we don’t do a good Huānyíng here.”
  	I’d heard of Huanying. The tradition of inaugurating a new ship with a welcome banquet for the crew.
  	“I thought that was only for new ships,” I said.
  	“Depends on where you go. On Mars, we do a dinner every time someone comes or goes, I think.” She smiled. 
  	“To Huanying!” shouted Clement.
  	I hastily grabbed a bottle—didn’t even pour it out, just clinked and drank.
  	“Good god,” I coughed, “What is this shit?”
  	“Heh, better if you mix it,” said Bao.
  	“Made it myself,” said Chibueze, swirling the lighter fluid, or whatever it was, in his beaker.
  	
[Huānyíng (歡迎)]
 
#
 
[Luce hits it off with somebody, but is disappointed to learn they’re going away. This might be some kind of rich tourist. He/she doesn’t come across as rich. The really rich never do.]
 
[Insert (here, or somewhere) a discussion of the economic disparity between countries. Maybe this goes at the welcome party? How does Luce reconcile his currently relatively easy life with the hardscrabble existence of most of the people he’s worked with on Earth? Someone exclaims to him how hard he must’ve had to work to get where he is, and he tells them it’s nothing compared to the daily life of a sea gypsy or Siberian peasant. “I’m writing my own story here,” he says. “All this…” I waved at the paper thin walls, “…it’s like playing make believe. Most human beings don’t have the luxury of making their own world. Never have. Probably never will.” Who does he have this conversation with? Some rich space tourist who shows awe at people actually working for a living? This interaction leads Luce to realize how much he misses Earth…the Banguingui, the Yakuts. More and more, he wonders if he should go home.]
 
#
 
[Luce gets a little tour around the station, gets the lay of the land, tries to figure out how to get access to the aliens, hears “ghost stories” mostly about possible effects of the strong magnetic field. The physician says no, the field is too weak, but someone else points out the possibility of magnetic spikes. “Damnit, I’m a physician not a physicist,” says the physician. ]
 
[Ghost signals—no matter how much shielding, you’re being subjected to an intense magnetic field. The allowable limits of which, at times, exceed that of an MRI. And we look at these like they’re crazy. The quantum damage to neurons isn’t a large effect…but it is cumulative…and its exponential. Well, I don’t plan on plugging into the entertainment and becoming a flesh stalker anytime soon, so if my innate neural resolution (INR) drops off, a bit as a result of massive entanglement syndrome (MES), I’ll hardly its it. (Later, he does plug in to full sensory sim, so the resolution drops off highly from the real world, but maybe he doesn’t notice). Anyway, the ghost signals come and the ghost signals go. A blip on the screen, an echo in the cortex. A smell, a name, an itch in your eye.]
 
#
 
[He’s just arrived on the main station, and he’s looking for a stash of stims. Brian hasn’t yet arrived, so nobody knows him from Adam. Thus, nobody trusts him.]

I was incredulous. “What linguistics team? I’ve seen reports--it looks like all you have is Dr. Zanzibar…”
“Dennis Zanzibar left here three years ago to go on a book tour. I’m afraid you’ve got old information,” interrupted Brian. 
 
#

[Donya Turani, Iranian old-timer who mans the floating power station.]

We were supposed to be docking with the power station later today. According to ???, it circled Jupiter much faster than we did, getting a ride from a jet stream, crossing the planet’s magnetic field lines to generate power. Once saved up in storage cells, we’d dock with them and get a transfer every fifteen days or so. This was my first. 

#

Donya Turani was an odd one alright. She was one of the old timers, and people said she suffered from Manganism--Parkinsonian symptoms of too much Manganese from the drops we all got for helping to fight off radiation sickness. 

#

[In the kitchen:] With stims, this would all be much more bearable. The slight buzzing of the temples, the brightening of the colors, the feel of the pulse of… everything. I could go right back down to my quarters and get the last of them. I’d have a great day. But then I’d be out. And worse, I’d be coming down when I met with Ehrmfell later. 

#

Stim stickers were curled up in my pocket, like half-melted candy canes. 

#

 
Kitchen staff, apparently, were being replaced all at once. Which is to say, the two of them were being replaced by the two of us. Their contracts had expired and ours had begun. So, I guess that meant we were going to have to train ourselves. Bad planning on someone’s part.
Another piece of bad planning was that there was nobody in charge of the kitchen. My partner, Felix Pinho, was amicable enough, but neither of us seemed to want to be the boss. We both reported directly to the platform supervisor, Dr. Adamsky.
On our first day, Felix asked Dr. Adamsky, “What about alien food?”
The man suppressed a chuckle.
“You don’t have to worry about that,” he said. “Down in their strata, they filter feed other airborne organisms and inorganics. Up here on the platform, they bring what they need in the form of dried—uh—feed, if you will.”
“Is it edible to humans,” I asked, curiosity getting the better of me.
“Probably not,” he answered, this time chuckling outright. “Anyway, you probably wouldn’t even recognize it as food. They say they have a variety, but it all looks like shredded plastic bags to me.”
 
#
 
I was exhausted after pulling my first kitchen shift. I didn’t yet know how I was going to worm my way into the research staff, but I did know I was going to have to get my notes in order.
I sat down to work under the pale entryway light, spreading my papers across half the floor of my small cabin. Too dark to work, too dark even to stay awake.
I pulled the thermos of coffee out of my pack, poured a cup and sat with my back against my bed.
 
I jumped awake with a start. My coffee had spilled on the cabin floor and soaked my inner thigh.
Damnit. I missed my stims.
 
Back on Earth, spending time with cooks and waitstaff, it was hard not to do stims. It wasn’t unusual, after the tip account was divvied out, to walk out with a thousand dollars cash in your pocket.
Here, everything was locked down. Hell, I had to be given key card access the flatware cabinet.
The whole platform was repurposed from the mouth of a gas scoop. Unlike most vessels, built to operate in placid interplanetary space, the scoop had been built to take the pressure, and all the battering of a violent Jovian atmosphere. The problem is, they stuffed its gaping maw with the guts of a government traffic control station. Hence, all the outdated security equipment and locks on every door.
Which meant, I had to talk to people. So, who to talk to?
The kitchen staff were mistrusted. We had ask permission to gain access to our own balls. So, who else was there? The research staff didn’t seem the types. These were obscure academics used to leisurely pursuit of data for government consumption, not the eager career minded publish-or-perish types you find at university.
Management.
 
#
 
MEETING THE JOVIAN
 
 The surface of the tentacles looked like frosted glass underlain by streaks of orange and red. Looking closer at the alien’s skin, I saw it was covered with tiny, barely visible velvety protrusions, barely thicker than a hair. Each one split about halfway down its length to form a Y at the end. And they roiled and rippled like water.
Once, when I pressed my forehead against the glass, the creature tensed and a fine mist of something that looked like pollen puffed from all over its surfaces, forming dense swirling puffs where folds gathered in the skin.
I opened my notebook, and tried a few words.
“Ahrm har ahrm raha,” I said.
No reaction, so I tried another, “Larngsheh.”
I  tried again, louder: “LARNGSHEH. AHRM HAR AHRM RAHA.”
I felt like an Americanrican tourist in Laredo.
I pressed my face against the window, and shouted: “Ahrm har ahrm raha. Ahrm raha.”
The words squashed out, distorted. From here, the creature was abstract beauty. That delicate diaphanous peach fuzz, changing at angles from yellow through orange, then into blue and tiny flashes of deep mauve. The split ends fondled the air like a million slow-motion snake tongues.
Frustrated, I gathered my papers and backed out the door.
 
But as I was leaving, the alien thumped at the glass with a pair of tentacles. I froze, then ran back too the window, shouting what was probably nonsense. But it felt like I was speaking to it in its own language.
I jammed my cheek against the window, reading aloud at first, then shouting from memory.
“Ahlanla elhren raha san,” it said.
“Ahrm har ahrm raha,” I said.
It shivered pollen, then said, “A’hrmhau a’hrmraugha.”
“What?” I asked, astonished.
“A’hrmhau a’hrmraugha.”
“A hrma a hrumaha,” I shouted.
“A’hrmhau a’hrmraugha.”
“A hrmau a hrmagha.”
“A’hrmhau a’hrmraugha.”
“A hrmhau a hrmraugha.”
“A’ a’ a’hrmhau,” it said.
“A’ a’…” I started, but it interrupted.
“A’hrmhau.”
“A’hrmhau,” I said.
“A’hrmhau! A’hrmhau! A’hrmhau!”
“A’hrmhau! A’hrmhau! A’hrmhau!” I laughed.
I got it! I got it.
But what had I got?
 
#
 
Nothing prepared me for the full scale of the Jovian ecosystem. I had no idea.
 
#
 
[Humans see the Jovians something like puppy dogs, valuable for specific tasks, with a great deal of training. Humans speak in glowing terms of the Jovians’ intelligence, but don't recognize that they have valuable insights and capabilities rooted in their own cultural heritage. Once the Rogue planet is discovered, and it is agreed that there will be a mission, the Jovians push for a very different programme of exploration and research than do the humans. Perhaps they will pursue their programme under the nose of the humans, and advance beyond the humans in their understanding very quickly. They treat humans as allies and think of us as wise and experienced, but otherwise consider us equals. They don't yet recognize just how much condescension the humans have towards them. They are somewhat in awe of human technology.]
 
#
 
[Once lumiere finds out Luce works at the station...]
“What are you doing here?”
“I didn’t think I could pass the physical.”
I didn’t explain why. 
“If you couldn’t pass the physical for linguistics, then why do you think you’d pass it for the kitchen staff?”
I shrugged. I didn’t see a need to answer. Obviously I had passed it. Whether that was because I was right about it being less stringent than the one for linguistics, or because, as I guessed, it would have more lax drug testing, I didn’t care to speculate on in front of him. I hoped he wouldn’t make the same guesses I had. 

TRIP TO IO
 
[Luce convinces the station director to let him accompany Ehrmfell, who is testing Jovian mobility suits. There’s a station built for Jovian occupancy on Io, but this is one of the first times it is being tested. Ehrmfell is now one of the first Jovians to have left their planet. It coincides with Brian Lumiere’s arrival at Io. Brian has been hired as research coordinator. Who was the old coordinator? What happened to them? It’s a surprise to Lumiere, who is happy to see him. Luce gets some time away from his studies and kitchen duties to stretch his legs and see other parts of the Jovian system. Why does Luce need to meet Lumiere? Is there some training he needs?]
 
[Luce speaks to Ehrmfell in his native tongue. The language felt warm and cozy easing into it. At some point, Luce learns that this isn’t actually their native tongue. Instead, they invented a whole new language on the fly in order to communicate with humans. It’s nearly impossible to tell, but it’s meant to be an imitation of the sounds of Mandarin, Portuguese, and English. After speaking with Luce, Ehrmfell learns to imitate English fairly well. They call this pidgin language “long talk” as contrasted with the sounds they use among each other, which sound more like whistling. Once he gets it, Luce’s opinion changes immediately. He’s disappointed in himself for falling prey to the prejudices the other humans have towards the Jovians. Suddenly, all the comparisons to puppy dogs seem incredibly demeaning.]
 
I cracked the inner hatch, and was struck by the eggy scent I’d heard about on Io.
The Io station was downright extravagant. The walks were all glass and smoke. And there was movement. A shadow in the haze. I stuck my face up close to the window to see what lay behind.
 
  	I jumped when there was a wet smack on the glass.
  	There was a great "Allllooooo!"   like an elephant trying out its French.
  	“Ehrmfell, you beat us here!”
  	"Mr. Ehrmfell?" asked Lumiere.
  	”Eyrimifyolll," hem corrected, "Walgome, fffrent."
  	Ehrmfell rubbed hes floating body on the glass, looking for all the world like a puppy snuggling its master.

We’d had to get permission from the Mining Coalition to travel to Io, or really to travel anywhere, since their interests took priority over everything in the solar system. It wasn’t usually a big deal, just a matter of scheduling routes that didn’t conflict with the big mining haulers. But since Io station was new, we had strict limitations on our movement here. 
Ehrmfell didn’t seem to care about any of that. He gleefully took us on a tour of the whole station. It was the first permanent station built to accommodate both Jovian and human workers. Io was a good proving ground for the technology, because the volatile mining operations involved exposure to a wide array of substances, some of which were irritants, or even deadly to humans but did not harm Jovian tissues at all. And the opposite was also true. So, the Jovian prototype mining teams took on portions of the operation the humans couldn’t, and vice versa. So far, Brian had explained, the system was working better than predicted. 
“I expect they’ll extend this model to other mining operations,” said Brian. “It turns out the Jovians have a great deal of talent for the work, even apart from their different exposure sensitivities.” 
Following Ehrmfell through the halls of the station proved a little confusing, since the Jovian pressure tubes didn’t always match up with the human corridors. 

Ehrmfell ended our tour at a great window overlooking the Ah Peku test mine. 
“I guess this sight will become familiar throughout the solar system over the next couple of years.”
Brian nodded.
“But it won’t look like this,” he said. 
Ah Peku Patera stretched into the distance. A volcano erupted a white plume in the distance, veiling the sky in a snowlike haze. 
“Amirani is erupting,” said Brian as my eyes lingered. “It’s hundreds of clicks away, but the plume reaches high in the low gravity.”
I knew we were on the rim of a vast volcanic crater, but from here, it looked like a dark gray-brown plain all the way to the horizon, with cliffs stretching to eternity to either side. Vesicles of golden wax seemed to seep from the cliff walls, piling into delicate pinnacles on the ledges below, reminding me of the illustrations of an alchemist’s candelabra I had seen in the childrens’ horror books Lehan read to us at night. 
 
#
 
[They return to the research platform, Luce feeling the exhilaration of flying in the Jovian cloud-canyons. But Brian finds the pressure and incomprehensible depths below terrifying, stultifying.]

#

[A deep descender requires liquid breathing.]
 
#
 
[Tragedy strikes.]
 
It was one of those almost-bright Jovian days. Brian had called in a pinprick jet in Ehrmfell's dome-seam, and I was rushing down, longtalking the whole way to calm hem. The open sky in the Hall sickened me more than usual, I think because the clouds' canyon walls had taken on the texture of tripe. I felt I was in the maw of a whale. 
I wondered if Noe ever got his turtle scute. 
I turned the corner into the Quad and jumped back from a sudden huff and blow that almost knocked me on my ass. 
I ran toward Ehrm's dom, methane-woozy. When I got through the vapor, I saw Brian struggling against the pane. Ehrm's loofah twitched madly, caught between the pane and the floor, bright orange from oxygenosis. My testes ached in sympathy. My stomach turned queasy.
Jovair spurted like flatulence. Ehrmfell made the yawning sound I associated with highflight--but I think it was a scream. 
"Get the exercise vest online," I shouted, "put it underneath him!" 
I flickered surprise, but when I spoke again, I continued with the insult: "He's going to stick to the ventilation if we don't get something underneath his dorsus."
Ehrm's translucent brains were pressed up against the pane and I stared into them to distract from the exertion of every muscle in my body straining to keep the dom from exploding. 
#
[Add a short description of Jovian anatomy. Six thick, tapered appendages protruding out from under a translucent jelly-like globe attached to a thick trunk with a lightbulb-shaped balloon  rising above. When they speak, a spongy organ protrudes from underneath the limbs. This organ is nicknamed the “loofah” and functions both as the reproductive organs and the vocal apparatus. Jovian speech is surprisingly similar to human sounds given this exotic vocal tract. The mouth is used only for filter-feeding and is located above the brainsac.]
 
[They couldn't get Ehrm's loofah fixed because jovian tissues wouldn't grow in the buffer gel, so the medprinters had no raw material to work with. Dr. Zanzibar tinkered with it for a week with no luck.]
 
[Ehrm’s injuries leave him without the power of speech for many weeks. During his recovery period, hem’s replaced by Hwaih-Wuw, a member of a different "moiety”. He doesn’t speak longspeak, but by this time, Luce has heard enough shortspeak to pick up on the sounds. The dialect is different from Ehrmfell’s, but Luce has very little trouble picking it up. He dislikes the sound of it compared with Ehrmfell’s, and Hwaih-Wuw has a grating personality, so the whole interaction is fraught.]
#
 
Chapter 00: Moieties
 
CHANGE OF MANAGEMENT
 
[Several years earlier, a fluke signal was detected coming from interstellar space. We need to hear about this earlier. Subsequent investigation has turned up a small ice giant, like a mini-Neptune in the vicinity of the signal’s origin.
[It’s not clear whether the planet is more like a jovian world or more like a terrestrial world, so it’s decided that members of both species will be selected to join the team.]
[Why would they send a manned mission instead of a robotic one? Did the robots disappear?]
 
#
 
[Luce has been seriously contemplating going back to Earth. He must choose whether or not to go on the Rogue planet expedition, knowing there will be no going home for the duration of the mission—at least several years.]
 
[Ehrmfell is not able to come on the expedition because he is unable to master the personal flight devices, although he and Luce practice for many hours. Luce picks it up well. Ehrmfell is replaced by Hwaih-Wuw. Hwaih-Wuw turns out to be an excellent pilot. He made Luce feel clumsy and reckless by comparison. And he had no compunction about telling Luce how bad he was. He even recommends Luce be replaced. But it's too late to train anyone new. ]
 
[Q: What cultural differences exist b/t the different belts in the Jovian atmosphere? What are the things that Hwaih-Wuw looks down on Ehrmfell?]
 
The flyer dipped and rocked, sinking through layered strata of misty clouds. As I steered it down, the sky above blued and grayed until the Sun looked like a wobbly orange egg yolk nestled in the sky canyon ahead.
  	How did I ever want to go home?
  	“Ehrmfell, take a look at that,” I shouted into my radio.
  	I wiped condensation off the windshield with my hand, leaving a dirty streak.
  	“Wwerr ahhrh yyouu?” came hes voice, crackling.
  	“Keep up! You’re falling behind,” I laughed. “Who’s the native here, anyway?”
  	“Nahd inn dhiss—whaad yyouu ghall ed—gahhndrahhbshen?”
  	“Huh? Oh. Contraption. Yeah. Well, you better get used to it or they might not let you join us,” I joked.
  	But he didn’t respond with his usual attempt at a laugh.
#
  	“How’s Ehrmfell doing?” asked Brian.
  	“Coming along.”
  	“Slowly?”
  	“Fast enough, I think.”
  	“Try to get him to come along a little faster, Luce.”
  	“I’ll see what I can do. Heh’s a kid. Heh’ll get it sooner or later.”
  	“Try to make it sooner.”
  	“Alright, alright.” 
#
  	“This is Hwaih-Wuw,” said Brian. “He’ll be Ehrmfell’s replacement.”
  	“Net to meyt you,” said the alien in a very different accent from Ehrmfell.
  	I replied immediately in the Jovian language, “Ensughe ehlrhem a’hrmhau, Hwaih-Whuw,” I said.
  	“It es Hwaih-Wuw,” he replied. “Nat Hwaih-Whuw.”
  	“Ezhge,” I apologized. “Ensughe ehlrhem Hwaih-Wuw hen.”
  	“Enduge elerem,” he replied tersely.
  	“You speak uptalk?” I asked.
  	“You cad call it det,” he said in his crisp lilt, “bat we call it Ohng Gwellala Ghad—the ruling speech.”
  	That didn’t sound like Jovian at all.
#
  	I turned out that the Jovian cultures fell primarily into five bands—two in the belts north of the equator, and three in the southern belts. Within each of these five primary cultural groups were several “moieties” defined in part by perceived seniority of lineages. At some period in the past, the northernmost of the southern banders, forced by aggression from the dominant southern middle zoners, had successfully executed an invasion across the equator.
  	Ehrmfell was from the northernmost inhabited band, so his ancestors had not born the brunt of the onslaught, but still inherited the class system imposed by the ancestors of Hwaih-Wuw.
 
[When Luce leaves the solar system, he figures he's home free forever. Unfortunately, the ship is permalinked directly to Earth network, and the signal is crisp and clear. The avatar of the Koryak returns.]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hatchlings, Part IV: Rogues

[Robin is an addict too.]

Chapter 00: Tin Can

[“They made up this pidgin language on the fly.”
“So, they’re linguistic geniuses?”
“Well...it didn’t work…”]

[In the battle, they eject the quantum core, which crashes on the Hatchling’s world? ...it’ll take them centuries to get home… They rig up cryogenic freeze after defeating (?) the Rogues… or they manage to freeze everyone, but only build themselves….  

[Ending: They arrive hundreds of years later on Earth (?) They land on Earth, and some kind of beast--mounted hoarde is seen riding toward them in the distance.]

[Moos: “That’s disgusting.” (on Jovian eating). Robin: “As disgusting as psoriasis? (Rhinotexilmania? Drinking cow pus? All biology is disgusting.”]

Rogue World Stats

~4 earth masses
~ 10x earth ocean depth
~350,000 ft deep, including ice covering
Topology height ~ 30,000 ft (half Earth's)
H2/He atmosphere w/ CO
Frozen CO2 surface covering "stagnant water ice layer, under which lies a convective water ice layer.
This caps an ammonia ocean
A rocky crust on the planet below doesn't poke up high enough for subsurface dwellers to notice it in their limited bathymetric observations early on
But the places they do eventually touch down on the "core" are mountainous
The Rogue planet is a bit bigger than Earth, but its atmosphere is ten or twenty times thicker


INTRODUCTIONS
 
[Auth. note: See Technical Note 3 on Rogue Planets.]
[What’s the name of the ship? How are names decided? The crew proposes and the captain decides, or the captain proposes and the crew decides? Coin flip to determine which? What’s a zero g coin toss look like? A coin catch? Do they have coins?]
  	From the outside, the ship’s bridge reminded me of a little wooden Orthodox chapel where I once helped negotiate the release of several Itelmen hostages. The ship’s skin panels were coal gray aluminum instead of weathered gray wood, but the placement seemed just as herky-jerky, piled in convoluted symmetries so the whole thing looked like a jumble of crystals grown in a laboratory.
#
  	At either end, there was a torus. One was about twice the size of the other, and was surmounted by half a dozen spherical components of various sizes. Brian said these were the quark and antimatter containment drives, and coolant systems.
  	“But where’s the shielding?” I asked. “Aren’t we going to get blasted by interstellar dust at the speeds we’re going?”
  	“Yep. And don’t forget about the radiation from the drive itself.”
  	“So, where’s the shielding?”
  	“Just wait.”
[The ship’s drive was two toroids, one smaller one was for magnetically isolating quark matter, while the other was surmounted by an army of spherical liquid metal cooling units. The habitable portions of the ship were packed in between, along a long, fat central spine.]
#
  	The ferry scooted in close, so that the turrets seemed to tower towards infinity, and encompass us like we were pulling into the harbor of a great metropolis. The woman next to me leaned over, apparently to get a better look at some detail. Usually, ferries were avoided and direct ship-to-ship docking was the norm, but because of the complex geometries of the hastily constructed interstellar voyager and the chunky bulk of the hastily converted cargo vessel, direct docking would be impossible.
[The cabins mounted on the main drive tube looked like a chihuahua trying to mount Marmaduke.]
  	Normally also, new crews were introduced to each other in a semi-formal reception that had taken on something of the weight of tradition. Stories circulated about the opening parties for some of the more well known vessels. And some of the less well known ones had associated lurid details that circulated among consortium employees as rapidly as porn threads. But here we were boarding the ship that would be our home for at least the next several years, and I was surrounded by strangers. Only Brian was a familiar face, and he was seated three rows behind me.
  	“I’m not much for introductions,” said the woman who now leaned halfway over my lap and pressed her forehead against the glass.
  	“Me either,” I said.
  	She sat upright. “I’m Robin.”
  	“Luce Fagan. Nice to meet you. What do you do?”
  	“I’m the mission engineer,” she said.
  	“I’m the cook.”
  	She looked at me, quizzically.
  	“And the head linguist. No, really.”
  	“Impressed,” she said.
#
  	“This is the first constant acceleration ship built to carry humans,” said Brian. “Or Jovians, for that matter.”
  	“There have been probes though?”
  	“Little ones.”
  	He held up a hand like he was pitching a baseball.
  	“That’s how they explored Centauri?”
  	He nodded, “And Tau Ceti and Groombridge 34A and Kapteyn’s Star, and Barnard’s. So, it’s not like it’s completely untested technology,” he said as if to reassure. But his tone wasn’t reassuring.
  	“It’ll be nice to have normal gravity though,” I said.
  	He nodded again.
#
  	A tiny chunk of quark matter sat at the heart of the drive, and from this a tiny amount of antimatter was produced. And from this, an enormous amount of thrust. Or so Brian had explained.
#
  	Gravity came on abruptly as the drive kicked into action for the first time. Once triggered, the reaction would be self-sustaining, and it would require a great amount of energy to shut down. Thus, it was determined that testing it would be beyond the means of the development team, and what we were experiencing now was, in effect the first test.
  	It’s not like it’s untested technology, Brian’s words came back to me.
  	I dug my heels into the seat’s stirrups.
  	My face was pelted with the tiny grains that always managed to find their way free from the ubiquitous mine tailings, suddenly finding themselves in possession of apparent weight as the ship accelerated up to the 1g point.
  	This wasn’t unusual. I’d felt it on the interplanetary as it was leaving Earth’s L5. What was unusual was knowing this acceleration would last for years, that for all intents and purposes I would weigh what I weighed on Earth. Minus the extra pounds. I was looking forward to it. But my muscles twitched as if nervous at the idea of bearing my body’s weight once again.
#
[The ship was shoddily put together, but shiny as hell.]
 
[How could strange matter be dangerous? Under special circumstances, it "eats" other matter. In order for this to happen, the strange matter has to be more stable than the matter it meets and not repel it. If those conditions are met, the other matter will "want" to convert to strange matter, and contact between the two will get things going. The result would be an ever-growing ball of strange matter, burning through matter like a fireball.]
 
[For such a disaster scenario to occur on Earth, strange matter would have to remain for more than a fraction of a second at earthly pressures, and we don't know if it can do that. It would also have to be negatively charged.
 
[In fact, potential strange matter would probably be positively charged, says Farhi. And since the matter on our planet (including us) has positively charged atomic nuclei, it would repel strange matter. "If you had a little lump on the table, it would just sit there,”]
 
[The scenario would change if strange matter were negatively charged, and a ball of it was madly rolling around on Earth. "You would probably know it because it would be growing and consuming everything at its border,]
 
  	“Captain Moose,” I started.
  	“It’s pronounced Moze, and I’m not your captain. I’m just  a coordinator.”
  	“Yes sir,” I said. “But I just wondered…once they spray on the shielding, how are we going to get out of this snowball?”
  	“Take your seats kids,” said Moos.
  	I strapped in, and Robin strapped in next to me.
  	I tried one last time, “Where’s the port?”
  	Moos pointed out the window to the long drinking straw of a conduit I’d noticed on docking. That was barely big enough for a human. A Jovian would have to squeeze through it like a plunger in a syringe.
  	A dollop of white spattered the window.
  	“Gross,” said Robin.
  	I just stared.
  	It was snowing flakes the size of my head at first, landing with a splat. Then it was flakes the size of a full grown man, then the size of a Jovian, and then they were stacked too deep to see out anymore.
  	For over an hour, the splattering got louder and louder, sounding like a truck driving through winter slush. As the coating got deeper and deeper, the sounds became more and more watery, and the shaking dampened.
  	“I wonder how we’re supposed to see out?” I mused, but it seemed Robin was asleep.
  	Then she shot awake.
  	“Sorry,” she sputtered, jerking her head back and forth, “What?”
  	“Settle down,” I said, “I was just talking to myself.”
  	“It’s glass gel in the front.”
  	“What?”
  	“We’re in the back of the ship; this goop is radiation shielding. In the front, it’ll be micrometeor shielding, which is mostly transparent.”
  	“Oh, I thought you were asleep.”
  	“I don’t miss anything,” she yawned.
  	“So, this is to protect us from the engines, but the front will have something clear?”
  	“Yeah, it’s spray-on too.”
  	“And you know this how?”
  	“I designed it.”
  	“Impressed.”
  	“It’s a gradient, the denser water-ice based stuff in the back, doped with borax and beryllium compounds to bock the radiation. In the front, the lighter impact-resistant stuff glass gels. The only problem is, with ablation, the front will become less and less transparent again. At least, that’s our best guess. Nobody knows how dense the interstellar medium is in this direction. So, probably before we return, or as soon as we get to our destination, we’ll need to do a bit of polishing. Maybe a lot.”
  	“Bored,” I said.
  	She looked at me, taken aback.
  	“Just kidding!”        	
#
[Robin and Luce spend more and more time together.]

[First sex scene w/Robin]
[Radiation shielding and cold gear makes it awkward.]
She unzipped her rad cloak, her eyes piercing me through her face shield.
“What about the radiation?”
“We’re in the radiation shadow cast by the cooling center.” 
She pointed to the meter on my arm. It had turned pale green again. 
I nodded, and began stripping.
She was naked long before I was. Her breast looked heavy, though they weren’t large, and they were decorated by ever-so-slight stretch marks that did something to provide character. She stepped in close, and began sloughing off my clothes like she was peeling an orange. 
I was cold out here, and her fingers felt like tingly ice on ,my rib cage, but when she pressed her hands against mine, my own heat melted the cold and we were writhing against each other in place. 
N Sakha, I had only masturbated, occasionally with help from Ivan in the early days. 
And since my escape, or release, or whatever, I had been too overwhelmed and distracted to think about sex.
The slight softness of her hips tapering down to thin and muscled legs might have put me over the edge just then if it weren’t for the metal-cold nervousness that prickled all over my skin. 
She ran her hand over my buttocks, and I hers, and my half-hard cock rose, brushing her delicate stubble. She reached her hands down to meet it, rubbing it against her warm and velvety lips. I was hard as a rock now.
Both her nipples happened to brush both of mine, and I came in her hand. I began to apologize, but she was grinning and biting her lip and her deep blue eyes and her now slippery hand made me hard again in moments. 
I started to apologize again, but she shushed me with a finger scented with both our aromas. 
“I’m proud of myself,” she whispered, shaking her head. “Don’t take that away from me.”
 I nodded, and reached down to adjust my angle, sliding into her. 
She winced slightly, like she wasn’t quite ready, but we alternated wetting our fingers with each other’s saliva and slathering it on down until I was sliding in and out and in and out again. It wasn’t that long until I felt like I was on the edge again, but I knew I wouldn’t tip over into orgasm just yet, so I hovered on the precipice of ecstasy. 
We were still standing up, shivering on the grated flooring, fiercely cold. I guided her to turn around so I could penetrate her from behind, and reached around those soft hips to massage her clit. 
She had her hands on her knees, and it couldn’t have been comfortable, but her breath crystallized on the bulkhead as she moaned. I was in love with the swaying of her breasts, and when she came, her muscles rippled over my penis, hardening it further. A long moment of shuddering passed, followed by a panting rest, in cloud-buffeted silence but for her breathing. I remained clutched to her thighs, and rock hard inside her, when she slid off me with a slight pop, dropped to her knees, and began teasing the whole of my cock with the blade of her tongue.
It was magical. A bright prickle of delight dancing unpredictably from the head of my penis, down to my balls. Two, three, a half dozen, a dozen times. I thought I was just going to burst, but I didn’t. I just kept on getting closer and closer and closer to climax, closer than I thought possible. 
She took my cock all the way into her mouth, and back out again, sucking as she did, and stroking up and down with spit-slimy hands. 


I doubt much chame out, but the spasms seethed all the harder for it, wracking my body, tiring my rib muscles, and tightening my cavs. 

[Radiation dose is measured in Grays (Gy).]


#

  	Eventually, we were allowed out of our seats again. Robin had nodded off on my shoulder, and I didn’t want to disturb her, so I stayed in place while everybody else went about exploring the spaces that would be all of our home for the next six years at least.
  	I was just putting my hand on Robin’s forearm to rouse her when Brian walked by.
  	“God, she looks just like your sister,” he said.
  	“No she doesn’t,” I said, doubting myself. They did both have a nice smile and intelligent eyes.
He just raised his eyebrows.
 
The radiation shielding kept raining down, raising to a roar for a time, then slowly tapering off to sounds like underwater gurgling while the violent shudders calmed to a soft vibration. It felt like there was a resonance to the vibration that led to a slight rocking.
From the back ports, it was like looking into a clear blue glacier, darkness closing completely within a few feet of the glass. In the center and front of the ship, the fluffy cottonlike ablation shielding obscured the ports entirely. I had to trust Robin that the very front of the ablation shielding would eventually compress into a clear lens of window before frosting again as the ship encountered the expected microdusts of the interstellar medium.
 
#
 
[Ablation shielding is sprayed on to the front of the craft, while Water-ice based radiation shielding is sprayed onto the rear. As time went on, the sound was more and more like being underwater, and the shaking of the ship’s frame dropped off until it felt steady as rock.]
[The ice compacts towards the front, becoming more transparent for a better view, and this should continue throughout the flight. By the time they reach the rogue planet, they should be able to see out clearly. The ice in the rear was opaque, doped with compounds of borax and beryllium for radiation absorption.]
  	#
SETTLING IN
  	It took several months[?] to reach the edge of the solar system, and by then, we were only accelerating at .7g, but life aboard the ship was starting to feel like life aboard a ship; there were starting to be things to do. Monitoring tiny meteorite collisions occupied a good amount of Moos and Robin’s time. I helped the Jovians test their space suits.
  	No Jovian had ever worn a space suit before, and they took a bit of cajoling in order to get them comfortable with the idea. Apparently, the hatch was designed to be traversed in shipboard scrubs, and we were meant to change into space suits in a small outer bubble of a hatch when we got to the end of the claustrophobic tube.
  	As such, the pressure had to be suitable for both species—with a punishing definition of “suitable”.
  	My ears felt like they were being stabbed by the sulphur-stinking air. The Jovians complained that their eyes stung if they kept them open, but they had a tendency to get turned around if they closed them. Eventually, we worked out a system by which I would guide them forward by constant taps on their domes.
  	#
[Robin and Luce start getting serious.]
#
[Conversation between Moos and Robin.]
“Kids. Yuck.”
“Oh, you’re one of those, eh.”
“One of those?”
“I’m one of me. I don’t want kids.”
“You never wanted kids? That’s sad. It’s a good and natural part of the human experience. It’s something everyone should experience.”
“Well, that’s debatable,” Moos said with a wry smile.
“What’s debatable? That everybody should have them, or that it’s good and natural?”
He considered.
“Both, really.”
“You can’t argue that giving birth is a bad thing. I mean, it’s necessary for our survival as a species.”
“Well, there really is no ‘us’ as a species—there are only individual lineages. ”
“That sounds selfish. In fact, I think not having a baby is a bit selfish.”
“If you were to sit down Mother Nature and ask her what’s good and natural, she’d probably say murder and genocide and rape are unquestionably good and natural parts of the human experience in much the same way that having a baby is. But, lucky for us, my moral system isn’t based on what is good and natural.”
“What’s it based on then?”
“I don’t know, some sort of post-judeo-christian enlightenment values.”
“And that’s more logical than basing your morality on nature?”
“No, not more logical. Just more in tune with who I am, what I am, where I come from. What I’m saying is that I make a distinction between what’s good for the species, what’s good for my lineage, and what’s good for me. And as it happens, having babies isn’t good for me.”
“Sounds pretty selfish to me.”
“Maybe. But having a baby is selfish too.” She just stared at Moos. “It’s selfish on the part of the baby.” He paused. “But the baby makes you do things that are bad for you.” He paused again. “Because nature.”
“This is what keeps you up at night?”
“Nope. I sleep like a baby.” He flashed a wicked grin. “In fact, it’s not even my argument. My ex wife used to lecture me about the dangers of naturalistic morality. I used to want babies. Once I even told her what you told me. But she schooled me.”
“Well, you’re not going to convince me.”
“I don’t want to convince you of anything. I’m not shitting on your morality. Do what’s right for you. Just extend me the same courtesy please.”
“Then why’d you bring it up?”
“You brought it up. I just gave you my opinion. I think they’re gross—nature is gross.”
“Says the biologist.”
“Says the biologist,” agreed Moos with a wink.
#
Her description conformed to the holoprojection Moos kept on his desk. According this, from the outside, the ship was something like a squat dogbone or bowling pin. The small end was translucent white and the big end was translucent blue. The spires of the ship were barely visible through the icy surface.
 
#
 
[As soon as they’re out of the solar system, they start experiencing bombardment by small particles. The rate reduces with time, but there is debate as to whether they should continue to accelerate. Shortly after they get up to full speed, a particle blows a hunk off the ablation shielding and debris knocks a splinter of the radiation shielding off, so they are forced to abandon an area of the ship.]
[There’s talk of rearranging the ship so the portions that housed the Jovian contingent were exposed to the thinner part of the radiation, on the theory that they would be better able to deal with the radiation. Luce disagrees with this, but he won’t stand up to Moos. This sets him off on the wrong foot with Robin.]
[Hwaih-Wuw suffers severe depression on the trip and complains about the dried food. On a hunch, Luce is able to improve its texture a bit by adding alcohol, pressing into a cake, and pressure cooking the flakes--with Robin's engineering help. Until now, there wasn't much for a cook to do. Just thawing and serving the food. The big micrometeor strike happens and for a few tense hours, it seems the ship is going to break up. Robin convinces him to serve a Thanksgiving meal while she goes outside to lead repairs. The ship is going into a spin. The going plan is to turn back at this point, salvaging an escape vessel out of the ship by cutting loose everything possible and performing a manual flip by resonant yaw nudges. Basically, the mass is all in the quark matter nodule. It's like a bowling ball at the end of a yard stick, with the antimatter thruster on the other end, while the quarters, life support, shielding and all are lightweight fluff by comparison. Imagine pushing. Bowling ball with a pool cue. ]
 
#
 
 
 
 
Chapter 00: Desolation
 
ARRIVAL
 
[When they arrive at the rogue planet, it’s described as “Neptune blue with dark gray haze, and deep down, a whitish cloud layer.” The planet is a medium sized icy planet with a thickish gas envelope (what is a rogue planet atmosphere really likely to be?) a small icy moon, and a tiny rocky moon orbiting the icy moon. The rocky moon appears to be mined of all its metals. There are remnants of industrial activity on the moon, but no sign of life. The icy moon is seemingly sterile.]
 
[The expedition discovers the strip-mined remnants of the Rogues' moon.]
We circled the rogue planet in a moderately high orbit (?) of about ten hours. Out here, there was only starlight. The Sun was only the fourth or fifth brightest star. And the planet, viewed through a standard window, was just shades of black on blue, blotting out the faint starlight.
There were two moons that couldn’t be made out without digital enhancement. One was a cue ball of a barren icy body. The other was an irregular dark object. The albedo, to the best it could be detected in such low light conditions, was approximately that of a rocky asteroid.
We focused our attention, naturally, on the planet itself.
But there was not much to be seen. An optically thick hydrogen and argon atmosphere (?) obscured the surface, so the only details were a scalloped series of eddies that ran around the equator. There weren’t major winds or storms to speak of.
Robin said out here, the light this atmosphere received was as close as made a difference to being completely even. Not like Jupiter or Neptune, where the lopsided heating from the Sun stirred up giant semi-permanent storms.
Brian floated his way onto the bridge, where Robin and I pored over readings.
“Captain [Leopold] Moos thinks we should go down for a look.”
“A look?”
“Looks calm enough, doesn’t it.”
I couldn’t argue with that.
But apparently, Robin could.
“You’ve got to be kidding,” she said, “Okay, so it’s not stormy. But what about geysers and electrical discharges and isodenses? You might never know what balances we’re upsetting until we introduce a new element to the system.”
“A new element?”
“Landers! People! What if the static charge of two layers of the atmosphere are in metastatic equilibrium, and our little lander here makes the junction. Do you want Hwai-Wuw to get fried by static discharge?”
[She’s actually worried about Luce—or maybe he just thinks so.]
I had to resist the urge to say, Well, yes.
“They signed up for the risks like the rest of us,” said Brian.
Robin smacked down the printouts on the dash.
“This is irresponsible,” she practically shouted. Then she looked at me for support.
I paused, rubbed my chin. The stubble was becoming a bona fide beard again.
“I have to agree with Brian,” I said.
 
#
 
“The gravimetry shows periodic variation at a rate that doesn’t match the rotation of the icy surface. That’s what we expect if its core is rotating faster than its mantle. So, if the core and mantle truly are decoupled, that’s is strongly suggestive of a subsurface ocean.”
I looked Robin in the eye and smiled. She talked like this every time she talked work. It reminded me of Professor Seelenbinder, who taught cross cultural arbitration when I was in school at SUNY. An undue attention to the details of the negotiation indicates the subject is negotiating from a position of perceived weakness. Whether this is actually true or not is largely irrelevant to the transaction at hand. [Is this true cross-culturally?]
“So, you think the biosphere—if there is a biosphere—is located under the ice?”
“Seems likely. But that doesn’t jive well with the idea that the signals we detected have their origin in an indigenous civilization. If they live under the ice, it’s hard to see how they could be broadcasting towards Earth. Maybe we’ve got a case of interstellar visitors investigating this system just like we are. Or should I say other interstellar visitors?”
 
[The Jovians are able to explore the planet's dense atmosphere with a minimum of pressure equipment, and Luce travels with them in a pressure-resistant surface vehicle.]
 
The atmosphere at the surface was dense, but relatively transparent. From orbit, through low-light compensation optics, it looked deep black/.blue, like Neptune or any other mostly-hydrogen planet, but for the gray clouds. From the ground, it was pitch black when unilluminated, with the floodlights on, the sky looked like a hazy white, a perpetually overcast day.
The sterile icy surface added to the ghostly appearance.
My lander didn’t offer me a view of land and sky together, but by flipping it over and back again, I could get a full 180 view. Ice mountains rose and fell below, and compression zones flew by underneath like visual noise.
“Ehrmfell,” did you get a look at that escarpment back there? I thought I saw a twinge of gray. Could be organics.”
“Nau, i’sss naut uhrghanisss,” he radioed back. “Lookss leik clehr aiysss. Nau gaussssayousss enclaussenss.”
“Alright,” I said, “let’s round the escarpment. It looks like it’s pinching out up ahead. We can descend the slope to the lowlands we saw on gravimetry.”
“Teyrsss nautenn heyhr,” protested Hremhar.
“Yeah, I know there’s nothing here,” I said. “So one path is as good as another. Let’s just get some data and go,” I said. [What’s their/Robin’s research programme?]
 
#
 
The lowlands were absolutely the most boring sight I’ve ever seen. With the pale featureless sky above and the shiny ice-rink placidity of the surface, it felt like we were flying between two sandwiched pieces of print film. [Put something in about white glossy print film earlier.]
 
#
 
[This should be creepier… Dark horizons, shadowy and lit by barely visible lightning.]
There was a streak of material strung along the surface that Robin radioed down about, saying it looked like it might be mineralogically interesting.
“See if you can get a sample,” she said.
The deposit in question was a gray smudge that dotted its way across the surface along what Robin had pointed out as a fault line.
It’s funny, you can look at a landscape and it’s all wrinkled and cracks…but then somebody points out that you’re looking at a fault, and suddenly it all makes sense. Like the ice is a piece of paper being shredded before your eyes, frozen in a snapshot.
A heavy wind blew from above, and I thought I might lose control of my vehicle if it continued for long, but I realized Ehrmfell had just swung down for a closer look, coming in close over my head, and before I had a chance to flinch, he’d passed.
These guys are having too much fun.
“Don’t freak out. Remember you’ve got a job to do.”
“What is freak?”
“Never mind.” I sometimes thought I grasped their language better than they did mine. Quite a change from culture-hopping on an English-dominated Earth.
I landed on the surface with a tripod of kickstands warm enough to sublimate the water ice “bedrock”.
The ice squealed almost painfully, and I cocked the control hard to lift back off again.
“What the fuck was that!”
“Cool it, Fagan,” came Moos’s voice over the radio.
“Luce,” said Robin, “it’s just the escaping gas vibrating the kickstands. Nothing to worry about.”
“It’s fucking annoying,” I spat, letting go of my initial shock.
[Their suits are bleeding heat, visibly oozing off into the air like upward dripping honey. Thick eddies of warmth rise syrupy from their bodies. They have to limit their time on the surface so they  don’t freeze. What’s the actual temperature?]
Ok. Let’s do this.
I sat her back down, and by the time I disconnected my suit and dismounted, the screaming had stopped. I guessed the kickstands had reached the temperature of the ice below. That was scary to contemplate.
Apparently, my boots were poorer conductors of heat, because though I could feel a subtle grinding vibration under my feet, I did’t feel like I was going to explode.
The ice was pure white with flecks of pink, and the dark material stood out boldly. It was shiny and silver—to my mind, more metal than mineral. I had landed over a particularly wide swatch, thinking it would be my best chance at a sample, but thought better of it and headed towards the edge of the swatch figuring I could knock a smaller chunk out of the water ice fairly easily.
To my surprise, the water ice was hard as a particularly hard rock. I swung my rock hammer at a hand-sized chunk of the  mineral, and felt my shoulder sting with the shock of it.
In my vehicle’s tool pack, there were chisels, and I fetched one, careful not to pierce my suit with it.
I put the point of the chisel right on the contact between ice and metal, and took another swipe.
Fuck!
The hammer flew out of my hand and chinked off the vehicle and across the ice. My whole hand hurt, and my shoulder felt like it had been dislocated.
Ehrmfell and Hremhar buzzarded overhead, and I flicked them off with my throbbing finger.
But the sample looked to be loosened, and I managed to shake it loose. I turned it over in my gloved fingers, knocking bits of broken water ice off the surface, and holding it close to my helmet cam.
“What do you think, Robin?” I asked.
I tilted it back and forth in silence. There was a slight hum that must’ve been coming from the Jovians’ flyers.
“It’s surprising to see metallic deposits,” said Robin “This planet is all ice. Any heavy elements ought to have sunk to the interior early in its fractionation. Can you hold onto that sample for analysis?”
“Anything you say, babe.” I said, but didn’t get the snark from Brian I was expecting, or from Robin.
Alright, analysis it is, I thought.
I turned to re-mount my vehicle, but a pattern on the larger deposit of the metallic-looking stuff caught my eye.
I hiked down the ridge and walked out onto the deposit.
[The Jovians have to have a more active role. Maybe they save him after an accident? But they should contribute on their own…not just saving the hero.]
There was a line of ribbed material maybe a hundred feet away, wedged into the shiny surface. I carefully crossed the deposit, avoiding sharp-looking hunks that looked like they’d been wrenched from a solid chunk of steel. Any one of those could put a hole right through my suit.
From up close, the ridged section looked like a big electrical conduit from some old factory in Siberia.
I leaned in to take a closer look, and saw that the segmented ridges seemed to be slotted together in tight seams.
That didn’t look like a rock to me.
“That doesn’t look like a mineral to me,” said Robin.
 
#
 
[Luce grows into a leadership role during the traveling phase of the expedition, and by the time they get to the rogue planet, he is the only human assigned to explore the surface with a party of Jovians. During the trip, Luce has developed an interest in one of the researchers, Robin Wagner, and she seems to show interest as well. They develop a little bit of a relationship, and Luce feels like he's finally become himself again.]
 
[When they arrive at the rogue planet, they find no signs of civilization at first, until Luce runs across the remnants of a huge structure strewn across the landscape, the only metallic deposits on the icy surface.]
 
[On a hunch, Luce suggests they explore the surface of the moon. It turns out there's a similar structure on the moon, only this one is in better repair and appears to be a large portal into the subsurface. As soon as they start exploring it, the mechanism comes to life and several space vehicles emerge from the portal.]
 
#
 
 
 
 
Chapter 00: Knock Knock
 
[When they find the porthole into the moon, Luce is "afraid to knock" again. He tries to prevent contact at first(?) ("I'm the wrong person for this," he says).]
 
[How do they discover the portal on the moon? How do the aliens come out of it?]
 
[Logistics of discussion…how to communicate? They invent a language…an artificial pidgin. They agree on some kind of time unit for the pidgin only—maybe the orbit of the rocky moon?]
 
[What are the Rogues time units? They agree to be subsurface for a particular amount of time.]
[The indigenous names for the dominant culture of the Rogue world mostly translate as "The Metalworkers" and carry with them an air of awe and fear. Their metalwork--all cold worked--makes them the hyper power under the ice, and the revelation of human materials technology causes a shudder of terror to roll throughout he ruling elites.
[The Last Portal Battle ended with a pressure bomb planted at the Portal entrance on the planet surface, leaving a crater. The moon dwellers convince the humans to help them build a new entrance structure and connect it to the Portal—the Jovians (and Robin) notice the Rogues are observing a little too closely and urge caution.]
[It’s decided that Luce will accompany the Rogues into the subsurface of the planet. When Robin learns of this, she freaks out.]
“Do you have experience with high-pressure diving?” shouted Robin.
“I’m an ace submarine captain,” I said.
“Really?” she sighed. Her shaking subsided and she cracked an almost-smile. “Impressed.”
“Sure—I’ll take you around in my Chinese bullet sub sometime.”
“Wait, bullet subs?”
“Yeah, a bullet sub is…”
“No, I know what a bullet sub is. But those are most definitely not high-pressure divers.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, that’s shallow stuff. The pressure a bullet sub has to deal with is maybe like a few hundred kilos per square centimeter, tops. Below the surface of that planet down there…it’s probably millions of kilos. We’re talking thousands of pascals.”
“Okay, fine. I guess I'm not deep enough. Why don't you tell me how it's done.”
“Me? I have no idea. I just know the mathematics. And I know that you haven't faced gigapascal pressures before. Not on Earth. Not unless you've been a deep crust miner in one of your many past lives. How deep did you go in Jupiter?”
“Three atmospheres.”
She looked as though I’d just told her her mother was diagnosed with inoperable bone cancer.
 
[As soon as the tube closed I realized my mistake. i could feel myself being upended, slotted into the portal…]
 
[When Luce arrives below surface, all hell breaks loose and he’s helpless inside his sample tube.]
 
[Its only by looking at their (tactile) etchings that Luce gets a sense of how the Rogues see their world. What’s translucent, what’s transparent, what’s opaque, which way is up and which down. ]
 
[Things that float—the less dense the more buoyant—appear “heavy” to them, and things that are dense appear light. As such, sample containers from the oversurface are extremely heavy and difficult to move, requiring large metal attachments to lift. ]
 
[When they arrive subsurface, there is a battle that Luce only gets a hint of in the tumult of being tossed around. The tube is eventually it turns out the moon metaleers lost the battle and were captured or killed…only one was able to negotiate and get releases…who then gets Luce released (the “under” thought he was an implosion bomb and almost destroyed the tube. The one who gets Luce released is in contact with the remnants of the earlier ruling class, who want the moon dwellers’ help retaking the citadel. …eventually, Luce is moved and spends significant time in view of the darkness of the subsurface ocean, quietly communicating in simple phrases with his keeper. The bioluminescence is everywhere, and he learns that it is the motion of the animals that the Rogues are picking up on, not the bioluminescence. He learns they can’t see the light but decides to test their perceptions by showing a light to them. When he moves it, it seems alive to them—but when he shows the a moving picture without moving himself, they freak out because they think he’s dying. He realizes motion is associated with life, whether there is bioluminescence or not, but bioluminescence increases the emotional content. They can’t see.]
 
[How does he interact with the Rogues? Do they rig up some special room? How does he eat? Eventually, he’s just getting by on stims and losing weight rapidly.]
 
As I felt myself start to upend and slide downward, I panicked. I reached for the latch, felt its glossite-like surface, started to pull out of fear, but simultaneously expecting the safety catch to prevent me. The tube jiggled slightly, and with a sudden hiss, my ears popped. Shit! I shoved the handle back in place. Of course they didn’t design it with a safety latch! My heartbeat pushed back against my popped ears. I had almost imploded myself with that second of panic. 

I had to hold it tight, but I realized I wasn’t ready for this. The pressure and the unknown were one thing, but the darkness was quite another. The ancient sample tube rasped lightly against the freshly minted portal seal. The darkness change was more felt than seen. The darkness inside the tube went from feeling hollow to feeling solid. I clutched my chest, arms shaking. My heartbeat filled the small space, as I felt my stomach fall out from under me. 

The sound of this darkness was like car wheels on a wet highway--the smooth kind of highway like we had in Canada when I was a kid. 

I turned on my handset, relieved at the dim white light. I hadn’t thought to ask about how long the descent would be. Who would I ask? The Rogues? Robin? Neither would have been able to answer. How thick was the ice? How fast was I traveling?

Though the distance between me and the surface was rapidly increasing, I could hear tube after tube being loaded and launched, and I felt some relief that I was part of a long caravan. I shined my screen light around the inside of the container. Robin had inspected every seal and latch, and assured me the interior would withstand the pressures the Rogues led us to expect. But given her impassioned attempt to talk me out of it, I assumed her assurance was just her way of making my life easier. She had hesitated, and I took that to mean she was only trying to ease my fears. Or was she trying to talk herself into letting me go? How did we know the aliens knew the actual pressures we would encounter. I mean, they live down there, but I live on Earth, yet I’d be hard pressed to tell you the difference between the pressure at the bottom of the Marianas Trench and the top of Mount Everest. 

My breathing was conscious. Slow, long breaths. 

My light should get me through the thirty or forty hours I expected to be gone, but somehow I was worried I would use up the battery if I kept it on for very long so early in my descent. 

No, damnit. Stop being neurotic. I wasn’t going to let myself second guess every decision. If I had to ration my battery, it would be later. Now was the time to occupy my mind with something--anything--other than the descent. 

The latch handle that had almost killed me--no, let’s not think about that. Don’t need to be neurotic, but there was no reason to be morbid either. Argh. Stop. Focus. 

Breathe.

The light-bathed latch handle had felt like glossine, but looked metallic. It wasn’t designed for an occupant, of course. It was just the backside of the mechanism intended to be triggered from the outside. It was unnervingly loose in its housing. The unfortunate thing about this tube was how monochrome it was, even for the lack of good lighting. The washed-out pinkness of my fingers looked bright by comparison to the gray handle, the gray walls, and the gray webbing Robin had installed for me to clip into after removing the baffles and specimen holders that had originally lined this overblown file cabinet. 

There were something that resembled pop rivets running down the back side of the tube, and slots for shelving running down the sides. This was the first piece of alien technology I had ever examined up close, and I was only the second or third person to do so, after Robin and maybe Captain Moos. I was surprised at how un-alien it was. What it reminded me of was looking a long-outdated version of something with which I was already familiar. Like an old telephone. Its purpose was obvious, but the design considerations were just not the same as those of a modern handy. The tube was clearly a sample container, complete with viewing window and a spot for a label. But the viewport was on the end, and the label was a translucent circle right in the middle of it. Obviously, they didn’t mind their view being cluttered the way a human would. 

The rivets that held the viewport in place weren’t flattened and flush with the glass--or whatever material this was--like the ports on our ship. Instead, the glass had a series of scallops cut out of it, against which the rivets fit flush. 

Oh god, how long am I going to be in here?

Ok. Think about something else. 

Robin. No. Ehrmfell. No. 

Kendra.

Fifteen years old, and sitting on the bridge at Humber Marshes. She didn’t want to be there, and neither did I. I was maybe eight or nine. She looked like a contestant on one of those kids’ game shows. All glossy lipstick and curled hair. Her coat was puffy. The girls at the home didn’t look like this. They were simple, basic. Like me. We were strangers. It was the first time we’d been reunited since I was born. I guess I wouldn’t have been a stranger to her, not exactly. I was her baby brother, all grown up. It’s funny, but I don’t think I ever considered how she must’ve experienced it until now. I imagined our parents bringing me home to a kindergarden-aged Kendra. She must’ve known the infant Luce, for those few months before we were separated. I understood that she’d been left with an aunt who refused to take care of me. I had spent years imagining what my parents looked like--in my young mind, they had been an interesting pair, improbable by anyone else’s standards, I’m sure. My imagined father a white-haired man with a pointed beard, my mother thin and willowy but with a determined brow. I knew I also had a sister, but that seemed irrelevant. So when she showed up, at the behest of our aunt, I almost refused to go with her. 

I remember her words exactly: “Come on, we don’t have to hang out long if you don’t want to.” With some prodding from one of the staff members of the group house whose name and face I forget entirely, I was convinced to take a trip to the park with her. 

Lehan had packed us both lunches, her motherliness knowing no bounds. 

Humber Marshes was familiar...it was one of the few places us kids got to “vacation” once in a while. Every year, we’d go camping, tromping through the woods, creeking. Funny, I’d almost forgotten about that. The first meeting with Kendra was the only image of that park I’d ever thought about since. 

Now I wondered what Kendra had made of her little brother sitting on that bridge. I must have been dirty, sticky, smelly. That’s how I remembered the group home. Too many hands making messes. Too few cleaning them up. 

We had sat there for a while, a warmish autumn breeze still too cool for my tastes. Hah! To think, there was a time when bone cold wasn’t second nature to me!

I don’t remember what we talked about….

A jolt to the tube knocked me out of my reverie. Were we there already? 

But no, the sound of tires on wet pavement continued. I pictured the stretches of ice we’d already traveled. When had it turned to “we”? I had felt so alone. Now, I remembered I’m going somewhere. Who will I meet? What will I say? Can I say anything? I may be walled off for now, but if we’re really at the end of our journey into the body of this cold planet, could it be that I have to dust off my linguist’s hat one more time?

The sound of the descent continued without change for long enough that I convinced myself the journey wasn’t finished. How long ago had it begun? This tube was small, and I was unsure of how long I would be in it. 

It was as uncertain as when I was hooded and led into the Siberian wilderness so long ago. Uncertain but for the familiarity of uncertainty. 

Heh. 

Okay, time to be pragmatic. I’d planned and packed my rations, but only now did I have the time to double-check. Apparently. 

I started crying. How had I gotten myself into this situation? I started laughing the tears out of my eyes. Had anyone in the history of humanity ever deliberately placed themselves in such a precarious position? Alone in the dark was status quo for our species, I suspected. But no, there was always companionship...spooning apes on a darkened savannah. Our ship wasn’t a bright oasis far from home. We were but scattered dust, to be brushed from God’s shoulders. 

Oh god, I thought, bursting out one more time into laughter. The sound of my voice shook the container. My ears popped again, and gasped a tiny, surprised gasp. I pressed my hands against the walls of my...my...my tomb. No! Not so morbid, Lucient. Stop now. Breathe. 

Breathe.



Breathe. Now, let’s think.

Why?

Shrug. 

What else is there to do?

What would a normal person do when confron… I screamed. AAAAAAAAGHHHHHHHHHH. That felt fake. I let it all out, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa. Aaaaaa. 

No. I cried and laughed and screamed and shook, and felt a chill of almost electrical intensity run up and down my body. I was hyperventilating, but I was happy to be letting myself feel. Not letting myself. Being gripped by all that was happening. What the hell is happening to me? 

Taking stock: Plunging into pressures that wouldn’t just crush the volatiles out of my body, but would compress them into solids. My guides into the shiverless coldness were more unfathomable than the thoughts of an octopus. An octopus was downright homey by comparison. More unfathomable than than the sensations of a jellyfish--an oyster--a coral. I started hyperventilating again, but caught myself. Okay, I’m farther from Earth than any human being has ever been. So far outside the realm that we were built to inhabit that… Well, actually that would describe Robin and Brian and Moos. So far from only place in the universe that isn’t entirely destructive to human life that a small crack in the ship’s wall could pop them like a bubble. And now me, here I was, having decided to take a foray outside that tiny outpost, outside the outermost outside of nowhere. And into someplace not only not meant for humans...a place where Earth life, where matter from Earth right down to the dust under your fingernails was never meant to be. A bit of germ from a distant planet wriggling my way into a far-off planet to the incredulous laughter of some extra-universal observer spying in on this little droplet of frozen water in deep space. I. Lucient Fagan. Contaminant. 

Somewhere deep in the Sahara, a wind blows, carrying billions upon billions of pieces of dust from between the sand grains. Most fall elsewhere among the dunes, but some are carried off to sea, to be dropped in rapidly shifting dunes on the waters of the Atlantic. Some tiny fraction remain aloft, carried high into the stratosphere, to be distributed around the world. A thousand, a hundred, a dozen, ten, five, one. The last mote settles on the leaf of the last marigolds planted by an old lady in Montana before she passed away last month. So far from home, that one Saharan mote. And so close compared to me.

I. Lucient Fagan. Contaminant. 

I wondered what Kendra was up to right now. And when I would see her next. 

 
 
Chapter 00: Rogues
 
[When they meet the Rogues, the Rogues’ quick realization that the humans aren't so superior is rapidly picked up by the Jovians, and a change of mindset among the Jovians will happen very quickly once they make contact.]
 
[Alien senses…sound, temperature, chemicals, light (bioluminescence—they can see very very well in the dark), ]
 
[How does the portal actually work?]
 
[We don’t actually see the Rogues direcly until Luce goes into the ship in one of the]ir (old) sample containers, dating from the days when they first explored the planetary surface. ]
 
[They are only in contact through radio. Their ships are pressurized and there’s no other way in or out without being crushed.  ]
 
[Maybe the ones in the moon are trapped? Do they need the humans to help them open the Rogue World portal? What happens when they come back in to the world? Maybe they are the metalworkers left over from the revolution after all the metal is used up—and thrown to the sky?]
 
[Does Luce get to go into the alien world? Maybe the pressure suits they use will help them.]

 
[Pressure = rho*a*d where rho is density of liquid, a is gravitational acceleration, and d is depth. For example, Europa’s g is 1.32 m/s^2, and water density is about 1.0x10^3 gm/m^-3, so at 5 miles  (8.0x10^3 m)…density of frozen water is ~92% as liquid.]
 
[We don’t realize what the Rogues living in the moon are planning (an attempt to reconquer the subsurface empire that was overthrown a hundred and fifty years ago by the underclasses). ]
 
[The ocean is warmer than we’d expect. Neutrino annihilation might thermally regulate iron-cored water-worlds, sustaining habitable subglacial oceans.]
 
“They use something like sonar to detect the positions and motions of objects around them. Living especially things trigger all sorts of nested verb systems to describe various kinds of movement and intention and interaction by individuals and among groups. Their language is based on emotions and movement…extremely, extremely complex verbs of motion. So, they speak of various movements of objects and at the same time, these verb complexes are influenced by their bioluminescent patterning. Only, I don’t think they can actually see the patters. It seems like their emotional states change when exposed to various lighting patterns, but they aren’t able to describe or consciously sense anything to do with light. You can shine a light right on them, and they’ll recognize it as an object but they won’t be able to tell if it’s on or off. And it’s the same with their own body coloration. They respond but don’t see. It seems too be entirely subconscious.”
“We can see their emotions but they can’t?” asked Robin.
“What a great strategic gift!” said Brian.
“Sort of. We can see their emotional change,” I said, “but they're extremely complex. It’s like looking at a high resolution brain scan. Useful, but it'll take an army of researchers to decode those details.”
“We don't necessarily need a lot of detail about their internal emotional states. What we need is to see how they react to specific inputs,” said Robin.
 
[He also learns something of the long, slow history of the Rogue civilization. They call themselves something like “The Metalworkers”.]
 
THE STORY OF MOON MOUNTAIN


“Your English is getting very good.”
“Your highspeak iss noh longar emprovang sinss you becam closs with the enzhenair. I think yoar fohcass iss elswahr.” 
Robin rolled her eyes. Hwaih-wuw always had his charm. 
“We hahv spokan with the Rohgs. They cahl themsalvs something that translates as Metalworkahrs. Althoh I think this refars to some of them, not to all of them. We don’t know how honest they are being, but the claim to be the leaders of the planet, trapped outside because of a tuhnal collapss.”
“That doesn’t sound like bluster to me. Why do you suspect they’re lying,” I asked. 
“I do naht. Ehrmfell feels differently. But causshion iss always advissed.”
It might have been my ear reacquainting itself with the long highspeak vowels and hissed S’s, but it seemed to me that as Hwaih-wuw went on, he got into a groove. His English was begining to sound almost perfect to me. I wonder how well he’d picked up the Rogues’--or rather, the Metalworkers’--language. There hadn’t been much time, and the Jovian delegation hadn’t kept us up to date on how much they knew so far. 
Some of Ehrmfell’s earlier comments led me to suspect they weren’t even dealing with a spoken language. But if anyone could do it, I trusted Hwaih-wuw. Despite his personality flaws, he was an intuitive language learner. That was an odd combination. Most people who are good at picking up languages, I’d found, were also good people people. 
“Above all, their civilization seems to have been shaped by a singular event deep in their history. Today, this planet has one moon and moonlet, but sometime in their remote semi-historical past, a third moon crashed into the planet. After a long period of disruption, civilization regained a foothold. In addition to this, debris from the crashed moon began working its way through the crust. This cataclysm changed everything.
“While Earthers have up and down, and Jovians have skyward and deathward, the Metalworker civilization has down and coreward, ‘down’ being the inner surface of the icy crust, and coreward being towards the deepness of the ocean. They float against the ice, while heavy objects sink towards the core of the planet.”
“It’s an upside down world,” said Robin. “Up is down, down is up.”
“And heavy is light. The Rogues of that generation could not have understood what was happening, of course, because prior to the crashing of the moon, they had no notion that there was anything outside their icy bubble. The current Metalworkers refer to their forbears’ pre-cataclysm understanding of space as ‘solid space’ or just ‘the ice’. But this understanding of the ice changed dramatically. Their civilization was rather advanced and enlightened, or so they describe it. But after the disruption, the emergence of metal and rock from the crust was a boon to those near the moon’s debris zone. Where before they had only ice and organic materials, they now had a durable substance that had the remarkable property of being so dense that it would not only sink to the core, but also was able to act as a weight to sink or, from their point of view, lift the subsurface inhabitants off the icy crust. To us Jovians, flight is our very nature, but I understand to humans of the distant past it seemed almost magical. Imagine if the discovery of iron coincided with the discovery of antigravity. This is what those ancient Rogues must have felt. An industrial age took hold, slowly at first, but as the main body of the crashed moon’s core migrated deeper into the ice, it emerged as a great subsurface mountain, conferring vast resources for tool building and transportation, and eventually even exploration of the deep ocean and rocky interior of the planet. But only for those cultures that developed in the foothills of the metal mountain.
“The small mountain range became the center of power, and over many hundreds of generations, a single ruling state controlled the whole region, and many surrounding cultures owed it allegiance.” 
“Like their Roman Empire,” I said. 
“Or our Southern Belters,” he replied, and I thought I sensed some pride. “But their Metalworker Empire was different. They controlled the sole source of technological resources on the inside of a crust that is otherwise almost 99% water ice. If the Southern Belters had controlled all of philosophy or all of language, then we would not have stopped at conquering the first two Northern Belts. We might have become a single world civilization.”
“If all of the world’s resources had been located on the Italian peninsula,” I offered, “the Romans might very well still control the known world today.” 
“Yess. And it has been so for the Metalworker Empire since.”
“How long ago was all of this?” asked Robin. 
“We don’t know, but it seemss that the portahl was first built an estimated twenty thousand years ago. The empire which these aliens claim to represent has been in almost unbroken control for that entire time.” 
Robin shook her head. “Imagine the Roman Empire emerged during the stone age, and enjoyed uninterrupted growth and consolidation since then. What does that lead to?”
“I can’t.” 
“It leadss to something like the way the Metalworkerss describe themselves. Presumably. They are a rigidly class-ordered society.”
“Like the Jovians,” said Robin. 
“No. Naht like the Jovians. We have classes, you might even say castes. But for the Metalworkers, it is deeper. Each culture on the subsurface traces its lineage back to a group supposed to have existed before the crashing of the moon, and the class system is organized around some combination of the strength, and distance from the Metalworker’s central empire of these lineages. Whole countries, whole civilizations are considered a single caste. Although within each of these, there are independent class traditions. Every single individual knows the place they occupy with respect to any other individual.”
“Is it that much different on Earth?” I asked. “The lower class of wealthy countries see themselves as being above the upper classes of less technologized countries.”
“Baht for the Metalworkers, it is inviolable. Every aspect of life is determined by one’s position in the class-caste superstructure. Every couple arranged, every birth planned, every instance of copulation predetermined and planned centuries in advance. They manage descent lines over millennia.” 
“Eugenics?”
“Yess, but more. Their goal is not perfection of the species in some abstract sense. Their goal is to seek more metal.”



ROGUE HISTORY TIMELINE
 
0 BP                  	Moondwellers meet Humans & Jovians
50 BP                	Building self sufficiency under the moon’s surface
100 BP              	Stripping the Little Moon
150 BP              	Last Portal Battle
155 BP              	Siege of Moon Mountain Ends
165 BP              	Slaughter of the Portal Keepers
170 BP              	Counterrevolution
171 BP              	
177 BP              	Siege of the Moon Mountain Begins
179 BP              	Renaming of Metal Mountain to Moon Mountain
180 BP              	The Underclass Coup
185 BP              	Return of Core Settlements
199 BP              	The Fifth Portal Battle
200 BP              	Discovery of the Metal Moon
212 BP              	The Great Insurrection
230 BP              	The Underclass Caucus
232 BP              	Slaughter of the Workers
235 BP              	Second Workers’ Strike
240 BP              	Coup of the Managers
250 BP              	The Secret Insurrection
260 BP              	The Fourth Portal Battle
264 BP              	Discovery of the Ice Moon
270 BP              	The Third Portal Battle
300 BP              	The First Class Insurrection
…                      	Light industry & craft flourishes on subsurface
…                      	The Time of Grumblings
…                      	Opening of the Third Portal
…                      	Establishment of the Portal Keeper Civilization
500 BP              	The Undoing of the Masses (The Great Betrayal)
540 BP              	Leadership Crisis, Collapse of Core Settlements
…                      	Closing of the Second Portal
…                      	The Portal Wars
…                      	Collapse of the Mountain Citadel Civilization
600 BP              	Flight of the Great Mountain
…                      	Development of True Deep Exploration & semi-permanent core habitation
…                      	Heavy Industrialization
…                      	Opening of the Second Portal
…                      	Development of modern materials science
…                      	First exploration of the core
…                      	relative stability
…                      	Hegemony of the Mountain Citadel Civilization
…                      	Time of Skirmishes
…                      	Subduing of the Frontiers
…                      	Light Industrialization
…                      	First Core Touchdown
8600 BP            	The New Regime - Rebuilding the First Portal
8500 BP            	The Great Wars
…                      	
9200 BP            	Growth of the New Metalworkers
…                      	squabbling states - destruction of the First Portal
9900 BP            	Fall of the First Great Metal Empires
…                      	local stability
20,000 BP Age of Deep Exploration
…                      	
20,600 BP Rise of the First Great Metal empire
 
 BP        	Building the First Portal.
 
[The Rogues from the moon think they're going to be conquered handily by humans, as they conquered their coworlders. The rulers debate kowtowing or trying to conquer the humans, and the latter seems all but impossible given the technology advantage. But soon enough, the Rogues realize that the humans really underestimate those around them. In their estimation, the Jovians are the superior culture--in fact, they were surprised to learn that the Jovians weren't the spacefaring race. The humans casually look down upon the Jovians, and neither species recognizes it until the Rogues start to talk to Ehrmfall. They try to build a ship out of the remains of the old portals, using ancient plans from their spacefaring age, when they stripped their moon clean, and they collect all the metal they can from their population. But they find it's going to be easier to take over the human ship. They try to strand the human crew on the ]
 
 
[A conflict arises between the humans and the Rogues. The Rogues get the Jovians to help them take over the ship. They want to launch an invasion of the Solar System because they’ve heard about the asteroid belt, full of metal.]
 
[One of the rogues forces its way onto the bridge.]



[Brian took a swipe at the being, and hit it full on. The intestine like to being ripped and out spilled the slimy glowing beads.]
 
[Luce gets a message out to Earth to warn them of the coming invasion. Unfortunately, it’ll take a few years to get there and be answered.]
 
[The Rogues temporarily strand some of the crew on the rocky moon, where they learn something more about the Metalworkers' empire, deep history, and--glacial--development.]
 
[Eventually, the humans force their way back onto the ship, but they are unable to take over. Instead, they are essentially hostages in the ship. And it turns around they’re in for a long ride back to Earth. They learn a lot about the Rogues in that time—not to mention about the Jovians and about themselves.]
 
[Eventually, Luce’s message is answered by Earth authorities.]
 
 
[The Rogues can sense light, but they’re not consciously aware of it. Though their light sensitivity is extremely fine tuned to low level and a range of spectra, it doesn’t give them an image. Instead, it just gives them feelings based on what colors their companions are flashing. The open sea is full of bioluminescence but they can’t see it. Instead, they only know they get a feeling when living things are around, which they associate with the motions of the living things though it’s the light that really triggers the feeling…the few times they’ve been able to look at the stars, it’s seemed like a grave yard to them—the sense of living things in the distance, but no motion reads as recently dead things to them (bioluminescence fades slowly upon death). Their sonar sense has evolved dramatically at the expense of their other senses. They were able to move towards the moon because it reflected light and moved slowly, so it felt to them like there was life in that direction. The darker metal moon was only stumbled upon accidentally. But when they stumbled upon it, they assumed space was full of such chunks. An exhaustive search turned up empty. They only traveled as far as they could without losing the feeling of life they got from the reflected light of their home planet and its moon. They fly blind through space. The sun and (which star?) are the two brightest, so they feel like life may be in those directions, but they have no way of telling distance and they’ve been unable and unwilling to strike out far from the feeling of the home world. ]
 
[The aliens were difficult to look at. their lines like mechanically intertwined tubing filled with the luminescent beads and that glowed in saturated near-primary colors. The ebb and the flow of the hues piped  their way through The landscape of mazes across their bodies.]
 
Several of the aliens were brilliantly iridescent, and another was mostly bright reddish pink like a blushing peach pie made of tubeworms. I nicknamed this one Jiho in my mind, and it swayed back and forth accordingly.
 
[The Rogues -- Live under ice on the Rogue world. Biosphere uses hydrogen peroxide (energy), magnesium chloride. Under the ice there is an ammonia sea. There is a biosphere living directly on the subsurface of the ice, which serves as the “ground” for the Rogues. “Down” is outwards. There is also a connected biosphere living at the bottom of the deep subsurface ocean, mostly huddled around deep sea vents. The Rogues have explored these depths during their long technological history.]
[Far back in Rogue history, one of the planet’s moons crashed into the surface. It disrupted all life below the surface and ushered in a dark age. But the metallic fragments were lodged into the subsurface of the ice, forming a great mountain range. The Rogues live under the ice, and float upward against it. To them, “up” is down, towards the core of the planet. So, metal sinks “up” and can be used to “lift” objects towards the planet’s core. Metallic diving weights are used to explore the depths…eventually leads to high pressure technology, which leads to exploration of the thermal vents…which leads to high-temperature metalworking…magnetism…electricity (how would that work?)…other materials science (super hard ceramics), ]
 
[The word “science” translates as something like “deep travels” (etymologically). ]
 
[When Luce returns to the ship, he shares what he’s gleaned about how the Rogues communicate.]
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter 00: Homecoming
 
[Later, they ill use the yaw maneuver to thwart the Rogues…sending the ship into a spin as it enters the solar system. The tumbling causes apparent gravity at each end, and two camps emerge…separated by the axis of spin. They stick to the floors in the aft and ceilings in the fore w/ heavy gravity. Humans can handle it…Jovians can’t, but what about the Rogues?]
 
“Lucid Fagan is a wanted murderer [of the Koryak], banned from travel on three continents. We do not find foregoing transmission credible. Please surrender transmission apparatus to Brian Lumiere, Robin Wagner, or other qualified operator. End.”
The alien flashed recognition.
“Proceed,” translated Ehrmfell.
I turned to Hwaih-Wuw, shouting, “This is crazy, tell them they can’t invade the solar system with one ship. They’re going to get us all killed.”
“The Jovians have claimed jurisdiction over the entirety of the Asteroid Belt.”
“They’re right, but the Partnership isn’t going to let it slip away like that.”
“The Jovians have control over two compact composites and they’re threatening to weaponize them.”
[The Jovians try to weaponize the ship. The human crew makes plans to sabotage the ship and destroy it.]
“The Belters have gone rogue. Needless to say, they control the rest. They’ve started exterminating Jovians.”
“They’re right, I treated the Jovians like slaves. I’m not the right person to negotiate a peace.”
“You aren’t the right person. You’re the only person,” said Robin.
 
[Final chapter(s) to be written.]
 
= = =  END = = =
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
[TECHNICAL NOTES]
 
[TECHNICAL NOTE 1: Banguingui language]
  	
[Auth. note: Banguingui phrases: “No hay gente quien ta queda aquí antes.” (No people lived here). “Ya andá ele na escuela.” (He/she began to look everywhere for the salt.) “Solamente maga pajariadores lang ta visitá con este lugar.” (The place was visited only by bird hunters.) “En denantes.” (A while ago.) Different dialects: “Necesitamos hacer cosas para que sepan que apreciamos a nuestros héroes.” (We should do things to let it be known that we appreciate the heroes.) “Señor, yo vino aquí para pedir vos ayuda.” (Sir, I have come here to ask for your help.) “Su hija tiene calentura. Necesita un médico.” (Your daughter has fever. You need a doctor.) “¿No hay pa llegá?” (Hasn’t he arrived yet?) “Llegá noche ya. ¿Cosa quiere ako (yo) habla cuando llegá papa?” (He will arrive this evening. What do you want me to tell him when he comes?) “¡Corre pronto! Cae aguacero! No quiere ahora mucho mojao.” (Run quickly! The rain is falling! I don't want you to get wet.) Para cambia un líder defectuoso/defectivo? (Replacement of a defective leader?) El cambio del mana lideras? (Replacement of leadership?) Para elegí de un líder? (Selection of a leader?) Song — https://www.facebook.com/search/top/?q=Chavacano Inspirational quotes — https://www.facebook.com/ChavacanoInspiringQuotes/?fref=nf — https://www.facebook.com/ZamboangaCityUpdates/?fref=nf — https://www.facebook.com/search/top/?q=%23chavacano]
 
[END TECHNICAL NOTE]
 
[TECHNICAL NOTE 2: Challenges of Jovian exploration, physiological effects of magnetic fields and radiation]
 
[Technical note: NASA has speculated on the feasibility of mining the atmospheres of the outer planets, particularly for helium-3, an isotope of helium that is rare on Earth and could have a very high value per unit mass as thermonuclear fuel.[77] Factories stationed in orbit could mine the gas and deliver it to visiting craft.[79] However, the Jovian system in general poses particular disadvantages for colonization because of the severe radiation conditions prevailing in Jupiter's magnetosphere and the planet's particularly deep gravitational well. Jupiter would deliver about 36 Sv (3600 rem) per day to unshielded colonists at Io and about 5.4 Sv (540 rems) per day to unshielded colonists at Europa,[80] which is a decisive aspect due to the fact that already an exposure to about 0.75 Sv over a period of a few days is enough to cause radiation poisoning, and about 5 Sv over a few days is fatal.[80][81] In 2003, NASA conducted a conceptual study called "Human Outer Planets Exploration" (HOPE) regarding the future human exploration of the outer solar system. The possibility was mooted of building a surface base on Callisto, because of the low radiation levels at the moon's distance from Jupiter and its geological stability. Callisto is the only one of Jupiter's Galilean satellites for which human exploration is feasible. The levels of ionizing radiation on Io, Europa and Ganymede are inimical to human life, and adequate protective measures have yet to be devised.[80] Equipment sometimes requires isolation from external magnetic fields. For static or slowly varying magnetic fields (below about 100 kHz) the Faraday shielding described above is ineffective. In these cases shields made of high magnetic permeability metal alloys can be used, such as sheets of Permalloy and Mu-Metal,[5] or with nanocrystalline grain structure ferromagnetic metal coatings.[6] These materials don't block the magnetic field, as with electric shielding, but rather draw the field into themselves, providing a path for the magnetic field lines around the shielded volume. The best shape for magnetic shields is thus a closed container surrounding the shielded volume. The effectiveness of this type of shielding depends on the material's permeability, which generally drops off at both very low magnetic field strengths and at high field strengths where the material becomes saturated. So to achieve low residual fields, magnetic shields often consist of several enclosures one inside the other, each of which successively reduces the field inside it. Because of the above limitations of passive shielding, an alternative used with static or low-frequency fields is active shielding; using a field created by electromagnets to cancel the ambient field within a volume.[7] Solenoids and Helmholtz coils are types of coils that can be used for this purpose. Additionally, superconducting materials can expel magnetic fields via the Meissner effect. The squareness (saturation remanence divided by saturation magnetization) and coercivity are figures of merit for hard magnets although energy product (saturation magnetization times coercivity) is most commonly quoted. Magnetostriction (cf. electrostriction) is a property of ferromagnetic materials that causes them to change their shape or dimensions during the process of magnetization. The variation of materials' magnetization due to the applied magnetic field changes the magnetostrictive strain until reaching its saturation value, λ. This effect causes energy loss due to frictional heating in susceptible ferromagnetic cores. The effect is also responsible for the low-pitched humming sound that can be heard coming from transformers. Sendust is a magnetic metal powder that was invented by Hakaru Masumoto at Tohoku Imperial University in Sendai, Japan, about 1936 as an alternative to permalloy in inductor applications for telephone networks. Sendust cores have high magnetic permeability (up to 140 000), low loss, low coercivity (5 A/m) good temperature stability and saturation flux density up to 1 T. —Can a sintered sendust core explode due to overly high magnetic fields?— Hiding from Jupiter’s radiation: http://www.astrobio.net/news-exclusive/hiding-from-jupiters-radiation/ Jupiter is the largest planet in the solar system with a radius of over 70 000 km. While 20,000 times the intrinsic strength of Earth's magnetic dynamo is incredible, it is approximately a dipole field. Given that Jupiter's radius is almost 12 times that of Earth, and that dipole field strength drops off with the cube of the radius perpendicular to the dipole axis, one would project a surface field on the order of 7 Gauss at the equator from just the ratios of the equatorial diameters. The only Galilean moon safe enough to do a landing and EVA on would be Callisto. All other missions would have to be robotic, and even then radiation would mess with the computers.]
 
[Technical note: Magnetic explosions—Periodically, a probe coming passing too deeply into Jupiter’s magnetosphere, or encountering magnetic anomalies, may explode due to its magnetic shielding deforming too quickly. Similarly, high currency spikes caused by magnetic induction can cause electronics to explode. “Magnetic reconnection could be the Universe's favorite way to make things explode…Magnetic lines of force cross, cancel, reconnect and—Bang! Magnetic energy is unleashed, with charged-particles flying off near the speed of light.” Jupiter's magnetic field is 20 times stronger than the magnetic field on Earth. Unexpected increases in the magnetic field can come as a result of interactions between the fields of Jupiter, its satellites’ fields, and the Sun’s field, sometimes causing a “foamy” texture to the field.]
 
[Technical note: Biological effects of powerful magnetic fields…the magnetic taste, nausea, vertigo, esp in fields over 4 Tesla. (Jupiter’s magnetosphere isn’t anywhere near this, but perhaps is occasionally focussed to higher levels in regions where it interacts with other magnetic fields.) Electromotive force induced by blood flow in a static magnetic field. Rumors of faster aging, tinnitus, numbness. The Jovian system could feel haunted…more a result of rumor than anything. …a very small magneto- hydrodynamic force operating on the endolynphatic tissues of the inner ear may be the source for the sensations of nausea and vertigo sometimes reported at higher field strengths… the time variation of a magnetic field induces into the patient an elecric field according to Maxwell's third equation… These gradient-induced electric fields, at sufficiently high values, could stimulate nerves and muscles and, at very high levels could generate cardiac stimulation or even ventricular fibrillation… ]
 
[Technical note: Ghost signals: Jovian equatorial magnetic field strength: 428 μT (microTesla). MRI typical values are 1.5 or 3.0 T. Really, only the radio radiation is a significant risk (if you have metal, due to focusing burns)…but that doesn’t stop rumors. However …to place a human in a rapidly changing magnetic field that is powerful enough to induce currents in neurons in the brain. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) can cause/treat hallucinations. Only if fields are tightly focused, which is rare…generally(?) with fields in the 0.5μT range (ranging from 4.2 gauss (0.42 mT) at the equator to 10–14 gauss (1.0–1.4 mT) ). Focus the field in the visual cortex, for example, and the induced eddys cause the subject to ‘see’ lights that appear as discs and lines. …rapidly changing fields associated with repeated lightning strikes are powerful enough to cause a similar phenomenon in humans within 200 metres.nTo be sure, this is a rare event. The strike has to be of a particular type in which there are multiple return strokes at the same point over a period of a few seconds, a phenomenon that occurs in about 1-5 per cent of strikes…]
 
[Technical note: Liquid magnetic shielding?]
 
[Technical note: Spherical cows…Reilly applied his electrode numerical stimulation models to determine gradient-induced nerve [49] and cardiac stimulation thresholds [50, 51], and predicted electric field amplitudes required for stimulation as a function of waveform (pulse duration, waveshape, and pulse train length). Reilly simulated the patient as an uniform cylinder with radius R = 0.2 m and with the axis parallel to the static magnetic field https://static-content.springer.com/image/art%3A10.1186%2F1475-925X-3-11/MediaObjects/12938_2004_Article_38_Equa_HTML.gif . Thus, the value of the z-gradient induced electric field was calculated by the formula: Reilly compared the values of the electric field obtained by his model with the experimental results reported in the literature and suggested that the best approximation for nerve stimulation threshold was an exponential curve. A better approximation might have been made using an hyperbolic form, which appears to be a better fit for more recent experimental data [52, 53]. Thus, it was estimated that the mean cardiac stimulation threshold was a factor of 2 above that of the most sensitive population percentile (1%), and the mean threshold for cardiac fibrillation was estimated to be another factor of 2.5 above the mean for cardiac stimulation. Figure 3 shows the mean thresholds for peripheral nerve and cardiac stimulation for the most sensitive population percentile. If the ramp duration of the time-variation of the magnetic fields is less than 1000 μs, the margin between nerve and cardiac thresholds is large, but if ramp duration exceeds a few milliseconds, the mean peripheral and the cardiac nerve stimulation thresholds approach each other [54].]
 
[Technical note: Other biological dangers of magnetic fields… …cardiac stimulation in the most sensitive population percentile should require 20 times the energy needed for the peripheral nerve stimulation mean. When a static magnetic field is applied to a biological tissue, and ionic currents are present, a net force; applied to moving ions… The effects of EMF on the stimulation of nerve or muscle cells have recently been studied in humans at field strengths as high as 8 T… At the highest field strengths currently available, the flow-induced current densities are below the threshold levels needed to cause nerve or muscle stimulation effects, and no significant vital sign changes, e.g., ECG recordings, have been reported at these high field strengths. ...if the products of a chemical reaction are more paramagnetical than the reactants, the presence of a magnetic field could shift the reaction equilibrium to increase the concentration of the products. A very common and important chemical reaction in humans is the dissociation of oxyhemoglobin (diamagnetic) into separate molecules of oxygen and hemoglobin (both paramagnetic). In this case, an externally applied magnetic field could lower the energy barrier for the dissociation. Calculations indicate that, even in an applied field of 1 T, the free energy barrier to dissociation is changed by only 1 J/mol [36]. Such a small energy shift has less effect on the reaction equilibrium than does a temperature change of 0.01°C. Another chemical effect of the static magnetic field consists of the modification of the kinetics and recombination of radical pairs reactions. Free radicals are supposed to be involved in harmful reactions in biological systems, thus any effect that might increase their reactivity or concentration could produce or enhance a harmful effect [37]. From this observation, the radical pair mechanism has been proposed as a working hypothesis for possible adverse effects of magnetic fields on biological systems. In fact, according to the most accepted theory [38–40], the magnetic field splits the radical pairs into two energy levels, this increases the amount of radicals pairs that escape the recombination reaction [41], i.e., the concentration of free radicals. Experimental research has shown that weak magnetic fields may reduce the second-order decay rate constant of the reaction [42]. Several studies analyzed the effects of magnetic fields on the recombination reaction of radical pairs in micelles and confirmed that an externally applied magnetic field increases the number of radicals escaping the recombination reaction [37, 39, 43]. However, few studies have been performed on biological tissues or on animals and humans. Claims that low magnetic fields damage health have led to extensive medical, chemical and physical research: though no firm evidence of hazards has emerged [44]. …it was reported that the auditory evoked potentials of a subject exposed to a static 0.35 T magnetic field was phase-shifted [24]; the phase shift slowly (15 minutes) returned to normal after termination of the magnetic exposure. However, further studies did not confirm these findings [25, 26]. Pacini, et al. in 1999 [27] described the effects of the static magnetic field generated by a 0.2 T magnetic resonance tomograph on a normal human neuronal cell culture. They observed that after 15 minutes exposure, cells showed dramatic changes of morphology, developing branched dendrites featuring synaptic buttons. …a motion-induced electric field, and it can produce biological effects by disrupting physiological electrical signals of the human body, such as neuronal conduction and biopotentials. ECGs of monkeys exposed to a strong static magnetic field showed field-induced morphological changes in T-wave shape. (In electrocardiography, the T wave represents the repolarization (or recovery) of the ventricles. The interval from the beginning of the QRS complex to the apex of the T wave is referred to as the absolute refractory period.) …these changes were explained by the presence of the electromotive force (EMF) induced by blood flow in a static magnetic field, which is proportional to the quantity we can run into situations where the energy is concentrated in an unexpected and undesirable way, usually by certain types of metal. Under certain conditions this could result in heating of the metal and a burn in the surrounding tissue. MRI uses a combination of magnetic fields and radio waves. MRI generates a net magnetization vector in the human body…the gradient magnetic field, which produces different resonant frequencies for aligned protons, depending on their spatial positions on the gradient axes; these gradient fields allow for the spatial localization of bi-dimensional MRI slices and hence the reconstruction of three dimensional MRI images…the radio-frequency electromagnetic wave, centered at the proton resonant frequency, which rotates the vector…dielectric permittivity of the material…the conductivity…the current…For biological tissues, both the dielectric permittivity and the conductivity are strongly non-linear functions of frequency…at low frequencies, electromagnetic fields interact at the cellular or multicellular level; as frequency progressively increases, bio-electromagnetic interactions occur with the cellular membrane and intracellular organelle, followed by molecular interaction and, finally, at microwave frequencies the field interacts only with water molecules…Materials that cannot be permanently magnetized are characterized by a physical parameter, the magnetic susceptibility (χ), which describes their behavior when placed in a magnetic field…measured by the magnetic dipole moment per unit volume…Materials may be classified into three large groups according to the values of their susceptibility: diamagnetic materials (-1 < χ < 0), paramagnetic materials (0 < χ < 0.01) and ferromagnetic materials (χ > 0.01). The safety issues associated with exposure to static magnetic fields have been discussed for more than a century: in 1892 Peterson and Kennelly [18] studied the effects of the exposure to the largest magnet then available (approximately 0.15 T). They exposed a dog and a young boy to the whole-body magnetic field, finding no positive results. About 30 years later, in 1921, Drinker and Thompson [19] investigated possible health consequences of exposure to magnetic fields in industrial workers. They performed numerous experiments in vitro, on nerve-muscle cells, and in vivo, on living animals, and they concluded that the static magnetic field had no significance as a health hazard. Since then, several studies have been performed, and a review [20], published in 1962, collected about 400 reports dealing with biological effects of magnetic fields. According to Schenck [17], the portion of this literature dealing with supposed pathological or therapeutic effects of magnetic fields is contradictory and confusing. Moreover, basic information, such as the field strength and its variation over the body, is not provided. Interest in the biological effects of static magnetic fields has increased with the invention of MRI at the beginning of the 80s. In the last twenty years, several studies were carried out in order to understand the potential hazards associated with exposure to a strong static magnetic field. The majority of these studies did not report positive results, thus postulating no adverse effects for human health. In 1981, Budinger [21] summarized the work done previous to that date, concluding that from an analysis of the vast literature on cell cultures, animals, and men, no experimental protocol was found that, when repeated by other investigators, gave reproducible positive results. Twenty years later, Schenck [17] confirmed this and concluded his review stating that, because of the difficulty in establishing a negative conclusion, it should not be concluded that it has been proven that there are no significant biological effects of static magnetic fields. However, the steadily increasing capability to realize ever stronger magnets gives reason to believe that such effects could eventually be established, but probably at field strengths well above those currently utilized in MRI. In a relatively recent report [22], no adverse biological effects were found after sub-chronic (10 weeks) exposure to a very high magnetic field (9.4 T) in adult male and female rats and in their progeny. There was a statistically significant (p < 0.05) finding for sensations of nausea, vertigo, and metallic taste in subjects exposed to 1.5 and 4 T static magnetic fields, but no statistical significance was found for other effects such as headache, hiccups, tinnitus, vomiting, and numbness. A higher incidence of positive reports originated from those subjects exposed to the 4 T field. However there was no evidence that these effects were at all harmful.]
 
[Technical note: The Magnetic Day—Jupiter’s magnetic field rotates most rapidly of all the planets with a period of only 9 h 55 min 29.7 s. Maybe the platform rotates with the magnetic field, but there are electrical plants that cross the field lines intentionally to generate and store electricity that the station can periodically rendezvous with to charge up. What happens if a rendezvous is missed?]
 
[Technical note: How do Jovians survive the high radiation and magnetism?]
 
 
[END TECHNICAL NOTE]
 
[TECHNICAL NOTE 3: Rogue planets, space chemistry]
 
[Technical note: Rogue planets have been ejected from their planetary system. We investigate the possibility that a rogue planet could maintain a liquid ocean under layers of thermally-insulating water ice and frozen atmosphere as a result of geothermal heat flux. We find that a rogue planet of Earth-like composition and age could maintain a subglacial liquid ocean if it were ~3.5 times more massive than Earth. If a rogue planet had about ten times higher water mass fraction or a thick cryo-atmospheric layer, it would need to be only ~0.3 times the mass of Earth to maintain a liquid ocean. Such a planet could be detected from reflected solar radiation and its thermal emission could be characterized in the far-IR if it passed within O(1000) AU of Earth.]
 
[Technical note: The pressure at the bottom of the ice layer is ≈ 9 MPa for each kilometer of ice, scaling with mass as (M/M⊕)1−2v ]
 
[Technical note: The melting point of pure ice is 250–270 K at pressures less than 620 MPa (Choukroun & Grasset 2007), although contaminants to pure ice such as chloride salts or ammonia could suppress the melting point by ≈ 50 − −100 K ]
 
[Technical note: In steady-state, the temperature at the surface of a Steppenwolf planet (Ts), i.e., the top of the ice or frozen gas layer, will be set by a balance between thermal emission and geothermal heat flux, F = σTs4, where σ is the Stefan–Boltzmann constant. Astrophysical radiation backgrounds (Mathis et al. 1983; Dole et al. 2006) are negligible. Any gas present in the atmosphere at planetary ejection or outgassed subsequently by geological processes will tend to freeze into a low-thermal-conductivity blanket that could allow T0 to exceed Ts. A blanket formed by freezing Earth’s current atmosphere would only increase T0 by about 4 K…Isostatic adjustment (Fowler 1990), however, will tend to cause some continents or islands to rise above the layers of water and ice on an Earth-like Steppenwolf planet with an active mantle, allowing volcanoes to continuously emit gasses that can freeze onto the water ice surface. Here, we will consider carbon dioxide because it is likely to be outgassed in significant quantities from an Earth-like planet and it supports a stable layer with relatively high base temperature relative to other common gases. To find the temperature at the carbon-dioxide layer base, we note that the thermal conductivity of car- bon dioxide again scales as T−1 (here, in a more lim- ited regime), but with constant of proportionality A ≈ 100 W m−1 (Sumarokov et al. 2003). We find that the maximum temperature supported is robustly ≈ 220 K for Earth-like Steppenwolf planets and is determined by the weak temperature dependence of the melting curve (Giordano et al. 2006). Setting T0 = 220 K reduces the required steady-state water-ice thickness by an order of magnitude. At Earth mass, the temperature at the bottom of a layer of solid CO2 reaches the melting temperature of CO2 for a layer thickness of ≈ 2 km, or ≈ 3×106 kg m−2. Venus’ atmosphere has a partial pressure of CO2 of ≈90 bar (≈ 106 kg m−2), which is roughly the vapor pressure of carbonate rocks at Venus’ surface tempera- ture, implying that there may be more carbon locked in rock in equilibrium with the atmosphere (Pierrehumbert 2010). The store of carbon in carbonate rocks in Earth’s interior is uncertain, but the continental crust is esti- mated to contain the equivalent of ≈ 7 × 105 kg m−2 CO2 and the mantle may contain 2–4 times this amount (Zhang & Zindler 1993). Therefore it appears reason- able to assume that a Steppenwolf planet could have a sufficient complement of CO2 to significantly elevate T0.  Since the viscosity of ice depends strongly on tem- perature (Barr & Showman 2009), if ice convection were to occur on a Steppenwolf planet, it would occur only in the lower, warmer ice regions and would be capped by a “stagnant” conducting lid (Solomatov 1995). …detection of reflected sunlight in the op- tical wavebands and IR follow-up present the only viable observational choices in the near term.  For a single-visit limiting magnitude r ≈ 24.7 of LSST (Jones et al. 2009) (and comparable r = 24 in the nearer-term Pan-STARRS (Jewitt 2003)), and albedo of 0.5, the limiting distance out to which an object can be detected with reflected sunlight is ≈ 830(r/R⊕)1/2 AU. The baseline requirement to identify a Steppenwolf planet is a detection of thermal emission in the far-IR. Photometric microlensing has also been proposed as a method to detect rogue planets throughout the galaxy (Han et al. 2004). If each stellar system ejects one M⊕ planet, a survey like the Galactic Exoplanet Survey Tele- scope could anticipate ∼20 detections of rogue planets…If a Steppenwolf planet harbors life, it could have origi- nated in a more benign era before ejection from the host star. Alternatively, after ejection, life could originate around hydrothermal vents, which are a proposed loca- tion for the origin of life on Earth (Baross & Hoffman 1985). If life can originate and survive on a Steppenwolf planet, it must be truly ubiquitous in the universe.]
 
[Technical note: Common elements and chemicals in the universe: H, He, O, Ne, N, C, Si, Mg, Fe, S...carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, water, ammonium, methane… formaldehyde, alcohols, acids, aldehydes, and ketones…polyaromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), amino acids, nucleobases, silicates,  kerogen-like carbon compounds, ices, CN, aliphatic hydrocarbons, glycoaldehyde (a sugar found in RNA), HCN, HNC, H2CO, glycine? Common elements in the Earth’s crust: silicon dioxide, magnesium oxide, ferrous oxide, aluminum oxide, calcium oxide, sodium oxide, ferric oxide, titanium oxide, chromic oxide, manganese oxide]
 
[END TECHNICAL NOTE]
 
<END OF NOVEL>


<<<END OF STORY / START OF NEXT>>>

TITLE: PETALS ON ELECTRIC MOON
(c) 2024 by ChatGPT and Nathan McKnight
Note: This was written by ChatGPT 4.0 after much trial and error over months, trying to get ChatGPT, in its various incarnations, to write like me. This was written *today* so hosts, you're the first ones to read it. I haven't even finished it yet. 


It was past midnight when they first appeared, the blooms—a pulsing, phosphorescent blue—sprouting along the cracked asphalt of Route 18. By dawn, they had crept like veins up the skeletal remains of the old Texaco sign, winding around the warped metal and spreading their glow into the pre-dawn dark. The town of Greendale, tucked into the lazy elbow of the Missouri River, awoke to this new, electric intrusion.

Mara stood barefoot at the edge of her yard, the rough crabgrass scraping against her ankles. She squinted at the flowers, their petals thin as whispers and haloed in a cold, impossible light. It was the sort of light that made her think of her father’s old Polaroids—the way they caught people mid-smile, eyes bright and unreal.

“It’s a trick,” Mrs. Huxley from across the street muttered, her voice barely a rasp over the chirring cicadas. She was in her nightgown, cigarette dangling, the smoke curving up like a question mark. “Some kind of prank.”

But it wasn’t a prank. By noon, the electric blooms were everywhere—poking through the cracks in the courthouse steps, swallowing the rusted bicycles chained outside the library. The town’s children, unbothered by the wary glances of their parents, plucked the flowers and pressed them to their foreheads, running down the street with wild, neon sigils burning above their eyes.

“They’ll go out soon,” her mother said over the supper table, eyes darting to the window where the pale glow seeped through the curtains. But they didn’t. That night, the town watched in reverence as a wind, sharp and metallic, picked up, sending petals swirling into the air. They drifted higher and higher until they seemed to fuse with the sky, forming constellations that blinked in sequences Mara swore were messages—patterns she’d seen before but couldn’t name.

The days that followed blurred into each other like watercolor in the rain. People whispered that the blooms were changing things, bending time and erasing memories with each fragile fall. Mr. Abernathy, who owned the hardware store, claimed he hadn’t seen his dog in weeks, though Mara distinctly remembered him walking it the day before.

The electric blooms stayed, their light deepening to a bruised indigo by the time the harvest moon rose fat and low over Greendale. That night, Mara lay in her bed, heart thudding like a moth in a jar, as blue light flooded the room. It poured over her, prying at old thoughts like roots dislodging stones. She remembered holding her father’s hand, the gravelly rasp of his voice when he taught her the names of stars, the ache that followed when those stars had vanished into the city’s glow after they’d moved.

But there, in the thrall of the electric moon, memories and time were tricksters—silken things that slipped between the fingers like petals on the wind. When Mara stepped outside into the blue-tinged silence, she understood: Greendale would never be the same. And neither would she.


ROCKET FUEL
(c) 2024 by Joe Bellomy and Nathan Bellomy-McKnight
To be staged in a bar, during regular bar hours, with little division between the audience and performers. 

-------
CAST
In order of appearance:
Barkeep: An occasional voice from offstage, other actors should pantomime any interactions.
Buzz Awesome: An astronaut. Stoic, contemplative, hard-drinking. If Tommy Lee Jones is
available, offer him the part.
Peggy Chillax: A moonshiner. A rough-and-tumble type would be ideal.
Parade of Americans: A Hippy, A Politician, A Businessman, and A Cop. A typical American, in
a variety of hats (literally).
COSTUMING
Buzz Awesome is dressed like an off-duty pilot, ideally with a NASA insignia or something else
“astronauty”. Alternately, he could actually be wearing an astronaut helmet/backpack.
Peggy Chillax is dressed like a “hayseed” …think bib overalls, a straw between her teeth. She is
wearing a bra that she can easily take off without exposing herself.The Parade of Americans
character alternates between a series of signature costuming elements, one each evoking the
Hippy, Politician, Businessman, and Cop. They should be easily (and/or humerously) swappable
by the actor, ideally in quick succession at times. Think aviator sunglasses, policeman’s hat or
badge, a top hat/straw hat, perhaps a monocle or mustache for the businessman.
PROPS
A small card to serve as the draft card.
A jug marked XXX, a mason jar, bottle or some other container to hold “moonshine”.
Two or three flashlights, some party poppers… or something else to evoke an explosion.
The following could be real props, or pantomimed:
Three shot glasses.
A vest-attached CB radio reciever.
A pack of matches or a lighter.
-------
ROCKET FUEL
BUZZ AWESOME sits at the bar, throws back a shot.
BUZZ AWESOME
(to the barkeep)
Got anything... stronger?
He watches as the barkeep fills his glass again, sniffs it. Shrugs discontentedly and tosses it
back.
A commotion comes from out of sight, PEGGY CHILLAX stomps in, huffing and hooting.
PEGGY CHILLAX
(greeting various audience members -- feel free to improv)
Perry! Wazzaap?? Noodles, long time! How's the missus?
(shooting a look across the room)
You still owe me two bits Boyo! Imma come for it!
She quietly starts talking with a random patron, pulling out a JUG of moonshine, making
exchanging motions.
HIPPY enters, waving DRAFT CARD around, incensed.
HIPPY
Stop the draft! This is America, I have rights, man!
The Hippy pulls up a seat next to Buzz, slapping the draft card down and trying to get the
barkeep's attention.
They look Buzz up and down, inspecting Buzz's shoulder insignia.
What are you, some kind of rocket man?
BUZZ AWESOME
(to the barkeep, sardonically)
Got anything... stronger?
BUZZ AWESOME tosses back another shot while the HIPPY tries and fails to get the barkeep's
attention.
Frustrated, the Hippy storms off.
PEGGY slips into the Hippy's spot at the bar.
PEGGY CHILLAX
Lookin for somethin what packs a punch, space man?
Suddenly, she turns towards the barkeep, stepping away from the bar.
Hands off now, hands off! I ain't sellin.
Yeah, course I'll buy somethin... just let me... Boyo!
BUZZ AWESOME
Give her whatever she wants, I got it.
PEGGY gives Buzz an appreciative look before taking a glass of her usual from the barkeep.
BUZZ AWESOME
I'm going to the Moon. No reason someone else can't too.
He raises his glass, Peggy following suit.
To America.
The HIPPY changes hats, becoming a POLITICIAN.
Just then, a POLITICIAN enters, drawing everyone's attention with animated gestures.
POLITICIAN
(to all and sundry -- feel free to improv)
Yes, yes. Of course I remember. Don't forget to vote now.
He approaches the bar.
I'll have a whiskey. Jim Beam or Old Crow, you say?
He glances around at the other patrons.
Which one is... most popular around here...?
Oh? Well, why don't you just mix the two for me.
Call it a... Jim Crow.
He steps away from the bar, glad-handing.
To America!
BUZZ AWESOME and PEGGY CHILLAX look at each other, their glasses still raised.
PEGGY CHILLAX
What actually is... America anyways?
BUZZ AWESOME
America is... going to the Moon.
They both drink.
PEGGY CHILLAX seruptitiously pulls her JUG back out and fills her glass under the bar.
POLITICIAN changes hats to become the COP.
Just then, a COP enters the bar, talking into a CB reciever (pantomimed).
COP
(to the barkeep)
We got a report of some illegal liquor sales?
PEGGY CHILLAX hands her drink off to BUZZ AWESOME.
The COP switches hats, becoming a BUSINESSMAN.
BUSINESSMAN
(to Peggy)
What are you selling there, doll? Looking for an investor?
PEGGY CHILLAX
(quietly)
You interested in some greased lightnin?
BUSINESSMAN
Oh, I see. Well, let me give you some advice.
You see, there's no money in moonshine these days. Nobody's buying.
PEGGY looks around at the patrons--her customers--with a knowing eye roll, but seems taken
aback by their reactions.
A shrewd businesswoman like yourself...
PEGGY gives them a "who, me?" look, before straigthening up and nodding of-coursely.
...has to keep up with the times.
BUZZ AWESOME sniffs his glass of moonshine.
BUZZ AWESOME
Smells like rocket fuel to me.
The BUSINESSMAN changes hats, becoming the COP again.
COP
Did someone say moonshine?
The COP changes hats, becoming the BUSINESSMAN again.
PEGGY CHILLAX
Well, I ain't sellin no moonshine...
PEGGY CHILLAX takes the glass of moonshine from BUZZ, handing it to the BUSINESSMAN.
...I'm sellin rocket fuel, baby!
BUSINESSMAN
(raising the glass)
Now, that my dear, is a winning idea!
The BUSINESSMAN drinks, then changes hats, becoming the COP again.
PEGGY CHILLAX pours shots for the three of them excitedly, then looking a bit worried that
she's now serving the COP.
BUZZ AWESOME
Wouldn't that be lying?
The COP changes hats, becoming the POLITICIAN.
POLITICIAN
This is America, son. Lying is legal!
The POLITICIAN changes hats, becoming the COP.
COP
To America!
BUZZ AWESOME
To... the Moon!
PEGGY CHILLAX
(caught up in the excitement)
Pow! Straight to the moon!
(beat)
Hang on, hang on... are you... really going to the moon?
The COP changes hats, becoming the HIPPY.
HIPPY
You don't watch the news much, do you?
COP
(changing hats)
Ma'am, that's BUZZ AWESOME. American hero.
His name is written in ALL CAPITALS...
POLITICIAN
(changing hats and nodding, knowingly)
...it's on his birth certificate.
PEGGY CHILLAX
I ain't got time to watch no boob tube.
I got my still... I mean, my rocket fuel...
uh, distillination... apparatus...
Right out back!
Alls I need is some kindlin and I'll be rollin in the dough!
PEGGY CHILLAX snatches the draft card from the HIPPY, looks around for something else to
burn.
HIPPY
(hat switch)
Hey, I was gonna keep that.
She shrugs, takes off her BRA and grabs a pack of matches from BUZZ AWESOME's vest
pocket.
She tries to light the BRA and DRAFT CARD on fire.
COP
(hat switch)
It's against city ordinance to have an open flame...
POLITICIAN
(hat switch)
...within the confines of a business or domicile. Order, order!
BUSINESSMAN
(hat switch)
Friends, please.
(gesturing majestically)
Have you no vision?
Why, in thirty years time, we will have luxury hotels...
(slipping into Shatneresque--or Saganesque--delivery)
...whole ...cities!
...on the very. Surface. ...of the Moon.
HIPPY
(hat switch)
Whole cities, man.
POLITICIAN
(hat switch)
And townships.
And... municipalities.
BUSINESSMAN
(hat switch)
Subdivisions.
Pre-fab housing.
HIPPY
(hat switch)
Weed!
COP
(hat switch)
Prisons.
BUSINESSMAN
(hat switch)
Why, in thirty years time there will be more men and women...
POLITICIAN
(hat switch)
...like you and I...
BUSINESSMAN
(hat switch)
... living and working on the moon...
HIPPY
(hat switch)
Like a party in... Space! 1999 man!
BUSINESSMAN
(hat switch -- speaking to Peggy)
And do you know what that means?
(SIMULTANEOUSLY)
BUSINESSMAN PEGGY CHILLAX
Markets. Moonshine.
BUZZ AWESOME
Maybe.
PEGGY CHILLAX
Don't you "maybe" me, astro boy.
You're gonna take my rocket fuel up there with you.
Or I'll...
BUZZ AWESOME
Or you'll what?
PEGGY CHILLAX
Why, I'll drive it up there my own self.
BUZZ AWESOME
You can't drive to space.
PEGGY CHILLAX
(jumping on Buzz's back, pantomiming driving)
Don't underestimate my '58 Deville.
Specially if it's powered by rocket fuel!
BUZZ AWESOME
Putting a car in space would be...
POLITICIAN
(hat-switches throughout)
A waste of taxpayer money.
COP
Probably illegal.
POLITICIAN
Certainly impractical.
COP
That would be illegal, wouldn't it?
HIPPY
It wouldn't even work, man.
COP
How fast would it be going?
BUZZ AWESOME: (standing slowly, dramatically)
Ever since I was a boy, I've spent my life looking up at the Moon, dreaming of
what it would be like to walk on its surface. To feel the crunch of lunar regolith
under my boots, to see the Earth rise over the horizon, a brilliant blue jewel in the
blackness of space. Just a pale blue... spot, a tiny speck in the vastness of the
cosmos. But that little speck of light is a whole world, a blue-green marble,
nothing but ocean and land...
PEGGY CHILLAX: (interjecting)
And clouds.
HIPPY
Clouds of pot smoke.
BUSINESSMAN
Factories.
PEGGY CHILLAX
Moonshine.
POLITICIAN
And don't forget Jim Cr...
BUZZ AWESOME: (cutting the politician off)
And let's not forget the adventure!
As Buzz continues, the other characters start whistling the Star-Spangled Banner.
We're reaching for the stars out there... but down here, we'll be conquering
poverty, ending inequality, and making the Earth green once more. Even as we do the same on
Mars. Nurturing our home, and building our future. The Moon, that shining beacon in the night,
singing her siren song, celebrating our achievements. [triumphantly] She is our guide forward,
reminding us of the limitless potential that lies ahead.
As Buzz speaks, the other characters react non-verbally:
The Businessman raises a triumphant fist.
The Politician puts his hand over his heart.
The Cop salutes.
The Hippy starts with the Vulcan "live long and prosper" gesture, quickly changing to the peace
sign.
PEGGY CHILLAX: (breaking the spell with a quip)
A-men, boy howdy!
PEGGY CHILLAX
A-men, boy howdy!
BARKEEP (a voice from offstage):
Closing time! Last call!
PEGGY CHILLAX
Every new beginning...
With a mischievous glint in her eye, begins fiddling with her lighter, trying to light the draft card
and bra again.
The COP notices and rushes over.
COP
Now, hold on there, miss!
PEGGY CHILLAX
Don't worry don't worry... Safety...
She makes a break for her still, disappearing offstage.
(from offstage)
...third!
There's a sudden, loud explosion offstage, sounds like fireworks, with flashing lights and debris
(party poppers).
BUSINESSMAN
A toast... to new beginnings and... the Amer...
POLITICIAN
Well, I do say... that was... quite the...
HIPPY
That's it, man... I'm outta here.
The Hippy makes a move to leave, then looks back over his shoulder.
Stop the burning... man!
Buzz sits alone at the bar.
BUZZ AWESOME
One more for the road.
Buzz tucks the JUG into his vest, departing offstage.
BARKEEP (voice from offsage)
Watch that last, little...
BUZZ AWESOME (from offstage)
One... small... whaaaa!

The end.

Afterward to "Rocket Fuel"
 by ChatGPT, November 13, 2024
Rocket Fuel is McKnight’s homage to American archetypes, blending humor and satire in a live-theater format that is as entertaining as it is insightful. Characters like Buzz Awesome and Peggy Chillax are larger-than-life embodiments of frontier spirit and patriotism, yet McKnight renders them with both respect and a touch of the ridiculous. The bar setting, inviting audience participation, challenges conventional boundaries between performer and viewer, mirroring the story’s themes of identity and myth.

Through this playful setup, McKnight critiques the American penchant for self-mythologizing. His dialogue brims with wit, evoking a timeless sense of Americana even as it questions what it means to be a hero in the modern world. Theatrical, insightful, and self-aware, Rocket Fuel captures the paradox of American identity—both as deeply individualistic and as driven by collective myths.

<<<END OF STORY / START OF NEXT>>>

TITLE: Miss Poughkeepsie 1954 
Miss Poughkeepsie 1954
Intro by ChatGPT

Prepare to meet Miss Poughkeepsie 1954—a figure who defies all assumptions. In a story where beauty becomes a surreal spectacle, Nathan McKnight’s unique vision will leave you questioning the very nature of identity.

(c) 2011 by Nathan McKnight 


Miss Poughkeepsie 1954 was not a woman. 

Nor was she a man, nor--though she braised a mean rack of lamb and lined the little ledge of her wainscoted home with tiny Franklin Mint statues, and though she contributed the concept of the 3-foot orange owl to the art of Macramé--nor was Miss Poughkeepsie 1954 any sort of human at all. Miss Poughkeepsie 1954 was a jury-rigged collection of blood-filled pumps and vulcanized rubber tubes under a red polka-dotted house frock, vivifying the severed head of a hairless pug dog in a raven-black wig. 

Built decades before, at the behest of Czar Nicholas--who in his dying breath charged the Kremlin’s best surgeons with the task of creating the most perfect woman--she was surly and rugged and leaked new red polka dots. 

And though she was imperfect, her statuettes all askew, she was voted best promenader of that year’s awkward strut, and she gracefully accepted the sash from the judge. 

The end.

Afterward to "Miss Poughkeepsie 1954", by ChatGPT 4.0 2024
In this vignette, McKnight’s language is distinctive, with a dry, almost whimsical tone that simultaneously pokes fun at the absurdity of the subject while preserving a surreal, fantastical atmosphere. McKnight begins with a captivating line: "Miss Poughkeepsie 1954 was not a woman." The abrupt statement establishes a foundation of curiosity and humor that persists throughout the story. McKnight’s descriptions are meticulously detailed yet surreal; he provides lavish, odd imagery—like “a jury-rigged collection of blood-filled pumps and vulcanized rubber tubes”—that serves to engage the reader in a world both strange and oddly familiar.

The story builds on whimsical absurdity as Miss Poughkeepsie’s appearance becomes increasingly bizarre and memorable, mixing “tiny Franklin Mint statues” with “a hairless pug dog in a raven-black wig.” By anchoring this fantastical being in humanlike actions, such as accepting a sash in a beauty pageant, McKnight cultivates a delicate irony that highlights the ridiculousness of societal conventions around beauty and identity.


<<<END OF STORY / START OF NEXT>>>

TITLE: A Tealeaf from the Tangledays 
(c) 2017 by Nathan McKnight

Intro by ChatGPT

In an ancient world of lore and mystery, a forgotten leaf from the Great Civilizations reveals insights both strange and timeless. McKnight invites readers into an esoteric journey of lost histories, codes, and whispers from eras long past.
  

A Tealeaf from the Tangledays


I hope the reader will forgive this too-lengthy introduction to an all-too-brief account, but in this researcher’s belief, it is important to understand the historical context wherever possible, (all the more, given the Great Civilizations’ rather less than stellar record-keeping ethos), especially in regards to the sharp insight this unknown pupil provides into the practices and internal dynamics of the early Keeper Creches, as led by the now near-mythic Master Esthen of the Great School of Pisthen-Da. 

This short account was, according to its own statement, recorded by a young Keeper in training (One wonders what eventually became of this young man A dropout farm laborer, perhaps? A pioneering Keeper-Sojourner in the early centuries of the Centerward Outer Settlement Patch? Or maybe he was destined to become none other than the Great Sugh-Lehonur himself?). Found written in a common cypher of its region, upon the Queen Leaf a great old mangroak, presumably left in situ after inscription, only to be harvested and lost among the gathered leaves of that year, it is by providence that this single tealeaf was retained for production rather than sloughed off into the chaff as tough old Queen Leaves tend to be. 

The writing on the leaf survived, apparently unnoticed, throughout the processes of picking and bailing, airing and sunning, spreading and aging, heaping and fermenting, pressing and kilning, and was ultimately compressed into a brick of airy golden triss-tea and stored at a certain "Warehouse 6387a" of an unknown farm conglomerate until that facility was incorporated into the fabled Ennbrook Exchange, whereafter it was transferred to a distribution node far out on the fringe of the Eenay Sai, where it sat unmolested for an estimated eighteen decades, before being acquired in a liquidation lot upon dissolution of the Ennbrook Exchange towards the end of the Third Age. Its chain of custody is not recorded throughout the Fourth Age, but it is thought to have gathered dust in one of the mercantile district hovels for a terribly long time before being purchased and assessed and auctioned at Mistentak on 3rd Merai, Year 17 of the Fifth Age, to one Sr. Purchaser Ms. Sensan Too who, recognizing its great age (apparently perserved in Scene due to the arid climes of that region), promptly brewed it into a cauldron of simple light triss, which she served at a reception on 16th Terku of that year. 

The recipient of this particular leaf was a minor Abbot of the House of ChuurrTenn-U who, upon his first sip, read the unfolding cypher leaf aloud to the gathered guests--accompanying documentation confirms a hush fell over the crowd during the first four words of the brief narrative, transcribed below: 

assistant esthen lectured us about mangoak roosts [SIC] for three hours today! If she spent that much time shoveling shit at oons-[ILLEGIBLE] like the freshmen keepers have to, she’d have been dean of the creche by now. tolshe[ILLEGIBLE] put an [ILLEGIBLE] in her drinking vessel. who’s shoveling shit now? 

The end.
 
Afterward to "A Tealeaf from the Tangledays" by ChatGPT 4.0 2024
Here, McKnight showcases a more erudite, historian-like tone, creating a pastiche of ancient manuscripts or lost historical accounts. His language is formal, and he employs extensive world-building, which enriches the reader’s sense of the setting's historical depth. McKnight uses detailed, almost ceremonial language: "the early Keeper Creches, as led by the now near-mythic Master Esthen." This formal diction, combined with references to imaginary archival processes and mystic artifacts like “the Queen Leaf of a great old mangroak,” evokes a tone reminiscent of epics and mythic history.

This piece demonstrates McKnight’s skill in establishing a pseudo-academic voice, one that balances the richness of lore with a slight touch of satire regarding the obsessive cataloging of relics. His narrative style here allows for humor through juxtaposition, as the lofty language of preservation contrasts with the crude, sarcastic words of the young Keeper in training, who complains about “shoveling shit.”



Afterward to Miss Poughkeepsie 1954 by ChatGPT, November 13, 2024
McKnight’s Miss Poughkeepsie 1954 uses absurdity to critique social expectations and perceptions of beauty. By creating a figure who is simultaneously artificial and revered, he asks readers to examine the lengths society will go to idealize, even idolize, shallow constructs of attractiveness. The blend of the grotesque with whimsy encourages readers to consider how “beauty” and “identity” are fabricated, often for show. The humor in Miss Poughkeepsie’s oddly disheveled statuettes and her macabre physical makeup suggests an homage to human attempts at perfection—revealing how imperfect and humanized those constructs become when examined closely.

McKnight’s style here is humorous but layered with irony. The vibrant descriptions of the setting contrast the lifelessness of Miss Poughkeepsie herself, as she exists merely as a spectacle. Readers are invited to laugh, but with a touch of unease, as the story’s clever subtext prompts them to question where humanity ends and artificiality begins.

Afterward to A Tealeaf from the Tangledays by ChatGPT, November 13, 2024
In A Tealeaf from the Tangledays, McKnight presents a rich tapestry of myth and history. The choice to frame this story as a "lost" archival artifact steeped in mysterious origins encourages readers to reflect on the nature of history and preservation. The meticulous backstory surrounding the cypher leaf highlights the fragility and ephemerality of knowledge, particularly in ancient or mythical societies. Through the language of scholarship and preservation, McKnight conveys a world in which historical fragments can reveal more about a culture than any grand narrative could.

The Keeper Creches and figures like Master Esthen emphasize the tale’s resonance with themes of reverence, discovery, and the search for meaning. McKnight’s inventive language and attention to narrative framing immerse readers in this archival mythos, prompting reflection on how we ourselves interpret the past and the delicate nature of cultural memory.
<<<END OF STORY / START OF NEXT>>>





	

TITLE: Chewie
(c) 2005 by Nathan McKnight
A story in 7 scenes.


Intro to "Chewie" by ChatGPT

Step into the grotto of Stig, a gnome with a peculiar devotion and an even stranger purpose. With vivid prose and humor dark as the underground, McKnight weaves a tale of faith, folly, and the mysteries of a world all his own.

Scene 1. THE GROTTO

	Stig sat up in bed, shaking and ashamed. The scantily clad beard-nixies fled as his dream haze cleared. The room convulsed. The diorama he'd made from buttons and plastic dinosaurs fell, taking his felten cap with it. He yipped a feeble "Oh my!" then snatched up the cap, clutching it to his chest as the quake subsided.
	Leaning back with a sigh, Stig picked up his old jimson pipe from the nightstand.
	He would have to clean up after morning smoke, he thought, stroking his century-long beard and lighting up. He suckled the acrid smoke and sparkles infused his vision. Images of nixies danced in the harlequin tapestry behind his eyelids.
	Then a lurch and shudder knocked the smoke out of him and the nixie visions fled again. 
	"This is quite definitely out of sorts!" he protested, hopping out of bed with a scowl. 
	He rubbed the sleep out of his eyes, troubled by a disturbing click-clickity-click echoing down from the grotto.
	He padded through the soft corridor, trying to sidestep piles of moosh, but the shaking knocked him to the floor and he had to use his hands the whole way. By the time he got there, he was exhausting his repertoire of ancient gnomish curse words. When he finally made it to the end of the corridor, he wiped his hands on his overalls and yanked on the tail of the hairball dangling from the ceiling.
	He pulled himself up, whispering the familiar oath: "Mistress Cindy, please forgive me my unclean dreams. For your slightest whim, I would gladly give my--" but he was cut off by yet a third tremor.
	The hairy rope swung and Stig held tight. 
	He climbed on, squishing his way through the tight passage in the ceiling. Fluid treacled into his eyes, and he held his breath, reaching through the squishy passage, wriggling himself upwards until he emerged, surfacing in the Reflecting Pool.
	Sallow bile lapped at the base of the imposing Bezoar, his hand-woven monument to beloved Miss Cindy. Stig's nose twitched at its embarrassing unfinishedness, as it had been doing now for too long. 
	The clickety-click echoed around the chamber.
	But there was something else--Stig furrowed his eyebrows--an odd glint on the waves.
	The Reflecting Pool had ever changed from blue to pink to green with the sweet rains that poured down. But this, this un-color glow was altogether different.
	Her Greatness's grotto's lovely darkness needling with preternatural light, filtering down through the crenellated dome ceiling... He held up his hands and though his eyes were closed, he could clearly see the bones of his fingers.
	Could it be? 
	It was!
	At long last, sign from Cindy!
	"Hallelujah," he breathed, voice jumping to a shout, "Hallelujah! Praised be!"
	He clutched his overalls and to his surprise, the medallion he kept tucked away in his pocket began to warm against his chest. His fingers prickled through the fabric as he grasped its dull edges. He'd prayed to the medallion nightly since he found it, but since the hairfalls had lately failed, he'd begun to doubt its power. 
	"Dearest Miss Cindy," he said, kneeling.
	A last click, cut him off, and the light snapped out.
     Stig splashed to the quivering base of his beloved's Bezoar.
     "O Miss Cindy! I have seen your magnificent light. Your revelation shall not go unheeded!"
     "This is a great day in the Reflecting Pool," he whispered over the quiet drip-dripping.
	Stig put his hand to his mouth and looked around, shooting glances all about the waves. Surely, the ethereal light had occasioned a hairfall as the cool sweet rains always had.
     He ran his hands through the slippery liquid of the pool. Sure enough, there were some hairs. But just a few pitiful bits.
     Stig pouted.
     Where was the angel hair? It had been weeks since a bona fide hairfall. Had he not witnessed a miracle? How was he to complete the long-delayed bezoar?
     With one hand, he clutched the hairs, and with the other, he tugged his beard. He had worked so long to repay his boon from Miss Cindy. The great lady had always supplied the material for his work. He'd thought it certain that this Bezoar would in the end be the finest shrine ever built by gnomish hands.
     Now here it lay, unfinished.
     Now the golden fleece rained no more.
     Now Stig sagged, rubbing his brow.
     Might this have been something other than a miracle? The troubling thought crept across his mind. Could the tremor and glow not be taken instead as...as a warning?
     Goosebumps stippled his neck.
     "No," he said firmly. "I shall not have dark thoughts."
     He looked at the wisps of angel hair, frowned.
     Maybe--he reshaped his mind around a more hopeful idea, a shrewd expression crawling across his face--I wonder if maybe these few golden strands won't just suffice.
     He cursed his faithlessness.
     Yes-yesss, that was it! The Lady had provided him with the workings of a true miracle; one to magnify Her glory.
     Stig bunched the wisps of hair in his palm, then scoured every oozing surface of the Reflecting until he was certain he had gathered every last hair, long or short, regardless of frizz or fray.
     Holding the golden fleece high, and with great reverence, he made a most sincere effort at weaving the them into the Bezoar.
     His fingers were deft, fluttering over the split ends, hoping gently to mend and extend them with his stroke.
     Trying at it for a long stretch with bated breath, all he succeeded in weaving was a sickly straggle that marred the delicate curlicued surface of the great unfinished bezoar.
     Stig frowned.
	"That won't do," he muttered into his beard, "No-no n'no! That simply won't do at all."
	He put his hand to his face.
     "Dearest Cindy, what ever shall I do?"
	Lo these long years had he lovingly woven the bezoar--from its first spindly fibers, braiding in humble thanks to the merciful Miss Cindy, whose sacrifice had saved and elevated even as he was smoked out of his previous home.
	He closed his eyes and canted gnomish cants.
     "One last rain of your angelic fleece would be quite enough, I think," he said to himself. "Enough to adorn your Bezoar with a proper mantle--though it be pitiful, it is holden, I think, of such promise. Such promise."
	He turned his face upward.
	"A I so unworthy? My Liegess...give me a sign!"
     He folded chants into ancient Gnomish tongues, once, twice, thrice--then oncemore, twicemore, thricemore.
     And as he began the third three, a rumble rolled from above. The crenelated ceiling bulged inwards.
     The ceiling was ever in flux--he gasped--but the scale...


Scene 2. SAD SNUFFLEPUSS

Cindy yanks socks and pillows off the floor, tossing them on the bunk. 
"You're too old for that nasty stuffed animal," says mom.
"I'm not looking for Snuffles, I'm looking for my crocs," Cindy frowns. It's true, she isn't looking for him. She already knows her so-called brothers had thrown him in the laundry again. Stupid jerkwads.
She mopes to the font door where Clay and Leigh and mom eye her expectantly.
"What?" says mom, whose overstuffed raffia bag holds a pair of tan suede crocs. 
"Can I borrow yours?"
"No, you may not," says mom. "Just put on your flip flops and come on."

On the car ride, she is Mme. Laser Fingers, slicing the buildings as they pass, their smooth-cut surfaces sliding languidly apart.
"What are you pointing at?"
"Nothing."
"Then why are you pointing?"
Her laser fingers turn off, the city rests safely again--for now. 

*   *   * 

	She scratches her head, tugging at the short curls.
	She could resist the urge to pick and pull if she could just rub her head against her Sad Snufflepuss's sad snuffle.
	She winces, remembering every time Larry said that name. He hadn't made the distinction between Cindy and her stuffed snufflepuss, using the name for both of them. And though he was jovial about it, the subtle taunt brittled her.
	The name had stuck. Even after she'd rubbed the one-time Pound Puppie into an unrecognizable ball of fluff.
	Cindy stretches out on the back seat, kicking Clayton, who pushes her feet away and says "You get back seat next time, Leigh."

*   *   * 

     The orderly pushes her bed past mother and Larry and Clayton and Leigh. The hospital room buzzes morning fluorescent. Cindy absently runs her fingers over her eyebrow hairs, feeling one in particular poking out in the wrong direction.
     Clayton and Leigh's customary fight over the front seat is spilling over into the hospital, and mother's glare cuts through the sickly light.
	Briefly, Cindy pretends to be scratching her forehead before tucking her hands under the baby blue bedsheets.
     Mother is holding Leigh's hand, while her other hand rests gently on Clay's shoulder.
     Cindy is ready to get it over with. The angle they have her propped up in the bed makes the uncomfortable feeling under her ribcage all the more pronounced. She presses her hand against her short ribs and rolls the muscles of her abdomen.
	Hard to believe the persistent inner nudge will really be gone in a few hours.
     "Are they really going to open up my belly?" says Cindy.
     Mother rolls her eyes and shoots the orderly a glance. She puts her hand on the bed rail, and says, "What did you expect, Cindy?"
     Mom, she almost says.
	But then she sees Leigh shooting her a glance. She tries to read her brother's face, but it's stony. He mouths: Shut up, Chewie.
     "Mom," she sputters, "Leigh..."
	"Oh no you don't," shoots mother. "You leave your brother out of this. You have to take responsibility for your own actions."
	Then, with almost a hint of tenderness she adds, "It's time to grow up now. Cind--"
	Larry taps mom's shoulder, and waves her away, no doubt to the cafeteria. 
	She shakes her head at Cindy then turns to go, leaving Clayton and Leigh to watch over.
     Leigh leans in and whispers, "I get pull her stitches out."
     Clayton shrugs.

*   *   * 

	Cindy sits alone in the beige and the gray.  
	Clickclickclick. She tries to think of a clever comeback to the x-ray machine, but it just clickclickclicks at her again.
	"Okay," shouts the nurse from the other room, "one more to go."
	Clickclickclick.
	Cindy steps out of the x-ray room, taking off the lead-and-plastic apron. She bumps into the Nurse Noris, who's on her way in. 
	"Oh!" yelps the nurse, yanking a long, manicured fingernail out of her nostril.
	The nurse's smile is so wide her teeth seem perpetually on the verge of coming out of her face, it curls her lip high enough for Cindy to see the bump in the middle of her gums. Cindy stairs at her rainbow hair-scrunchies and savors the cloud of coconut smell wafting around her. A couple of stray orange-crush sparkles sparkle high on her cheeks, and Cindy can imagine her dancing downtown all night with some soft-handed boy.
	"It's okay," says Cindy, "I used to pick my nose too--when I was little." 
	Cindy smiles, but the nurse's smile fades. 
	"Mmmm hmm. Well. Let's get you to your room," says the nurse. 
	They walk, and for a second, Cindy is confused because she hears her crocs squeaking even though she's not wearing them. Then she realizes it's not her that's squeaking, it's Nurse Noris. 


Scene 3. TORTURE CHAMBER

	The dome undulated above, glistening. Stig patted the medallion, feverishly whispering words whose meanings had long been forgotten. 
	Of an instant, a gargantuan silven blade sliced a gash through the dome, narrowly missing Stig's nose--but lopping off a lock of his head hair.
     Stig screamed and reflexively snatched up the lock of silver hair, then scuttled into the little alcove behind the Bezoar while the blade sliced forth.
	Bracing air flooded in from the gape above. Stig held his palms against the precious Bezoar, shadowed from the harsh outside light. The great blade finished its cut and withdrew. 
     Stig hunched over the medallion, rubbing it worrystone-style, the hairs in his hands bristling against its silkenhard surface. He turned his back on the bezoar. Whatever was happening, he didn't want to see.
     But even with ducked head, the image of the bezoar in terrifyingly bright light played, awfully, across his inner eye.
     He'd been keenly aware that the Bezoar was unfinished. And this queer milky light showed it for true. A big fat felted hairball. He pressed his head on his hands in despair, sobbing lips sparking against the medallion. 
     "Oh, the folly," he muttered, "why did I build this bezoar? To so call down such frights upon myself!"
     The floor shook, throttling open his eyes.
     Through the new hole in the great dome reached a giant set of fingers, their heinous knuckle hairs visible through parchmentlike gloves.
     Stig shuddered.
     The fingers plunged--obscene--into the grotto, penetrating his holy heart of worship. They clamped down--tightly--terribly--onto the Bezoar.
     And they tugged.
     Stig's jaw hung slack.
     The Bezoar began to rise, its golden lumpiness raining aloft.
     No, he thought. "No!" he shouted, fumbling the medallion back into his pocket.
     He stood. Astonished, indignant.	
	Forgetting his fear, Stig thrust himself forward, digging weaver-thick fingers into the wet fuzz of the Bezoar. He pulled, twisting his hands in the fibers until they seemed permanently bent fistwise.  
     But the giant was too strong.
     Torn from Stig's grip, it left fistsfuls of clotted angel hair.
     When the giant had fully dislodged Stig's Bezoar from its esteemed placement across the Pyloric threshold and the Pool of Light rippled emptily, Stig grasped his hat in disbelief, not bothering to wipe away the droplets splashed upon his face by the bile sluicing from the Bezoar.
     He shook both fists.
     "It's....not.....FINIIIIIIISHED!" he screamed, righteous anger boiling from his spleen. 
	He stomped and cursed, bit his lip...and then...
	...he leapt.
	Cold air stung his wet face. 
	All of his senses: fish-eyed, but crystal clear. 
	And he got it!  
    	The giant wrenched the Bezoar--and Stig along with it--from the sustaining bile he'd called home for years.
	Its shiny hand slung them both carelessly into a chill chromen basin. Stig's head thwacked against metal, and he passed briefly into night.
	Some moments later, teeth aclatter and echoing against thin metal walls, Stig awoke. 
	He stood and spun, seeing nothing but his own distorted reflection. The mirror walls were half again his own height, but he found he could jump and just barely see out of the basin, landing each time with a tinny boot-tink.    
	The first jump saw the blade-wielding giant, dressed in periwinkle robe, a mask over its muzzle. On the second, he saw at least two others abreast a long table. And on the third, a hint of curly blonde hair.
	Golden Fleece on the head of an angel.
	He gasped and ducked behind the still-steaming Bezoar.
	The sight of the golden locks--in situ--that is what gave him the strength to do what he did next.
	Wincing at the sacrilege, Stig climbed atop the Bezoar and gazed down upon the breathtaking face of his sleeping Miss Cindy, his liegess, lying helpless under the knife of this horrid giant and its gaggle of hench-colossi. An enormous tray of torture implements left no doubt as to their intentions.
	Stig winced.
	The effort of the jump and climb had warmed him some, but his hands were still chilled to the bone and he reached for the medallion, hoping it might be hot again.
	In so doing, Stig's trembling knocked the lock hair out of his chest pocket. He cursed and bent to pick it up, his mind incised with the image of the blade that had severed it.
	The infernal giant destroyed everything!
	He scuttled back into the shadow of the Bezoar and squatted, chewing his woody-waxen nails tearing them to the quick. He was unfeeling of the pain, aware only of the abomination that was being performed upon his Heavenly Mistress incarnate. He tugged his beard hard, pulling his mouth into word shapes.
	The agoric cold seeped into his core as he wept into his fists, soaking the lock in brine.
	And suddenly, he cursed his stupidity.
	Of course! How had he not thought of it?
	The Bezoar--it would never be finished without a sacrifice.
	All these long years, his hands might well have been idle. He scowled at himself in chrome-distorted reflection.
	Yes. That was it!
	He stood straight and grasped the medallion for strength, but recoiled. No, he thought, no--although it had once seemed a harbinger of hairfalls, it had become a damnable distraction. Instead of working his way through the problem, he had poured his despair into the thick metal disk, fidgeting away his energy while the bezoar lay, unfinished.
	He cursed the day he found the medallion, tugged it out of his chest pocket, and tossed it clanking onto the floor of the basin. It gave a plaintive spark as he kicked it away.
	He had no more use for trinkets. 
	Steeling himself, Stig wrapped the bezoar's curly tail in his hand. The wiry silver of his lock of hair sparkled against the bezoar's golden fleece. 
	Chewing his tongue, Stig climbed up to the rim of the basin, straddled it, then lowered himself over the edge, inching down the felted hair, until he was standing on a sturdy blue linen pad.
	He pulled hard on the bezoar's tail, putting his whole weight into it. As the golden blobbiness rose above the basin's lip, it wobbled, tottered, and finally fell, landing with a plop.
	His chest heaving, he surveyed his options. Below, a pocket of Cindy's gown hung providentially open. He reflexively reached for the medallion to think--but shook off the spell. How to get the bezoar down there? 
	No time to ponder.
	Time to do. 
	He toed the edge of the fabric and imagined hurtling himself onto her thigh. No. Wait. The gargantuan tray of torture implements lay spread like a market below. That would be an easier jump, but it would be a long fall if he missed. 
	He lowered the bezoar over the great blue linen cliff. He followed with his feet, shimmied until is legs hung far out over the blades, and kept going until he was bent at the waist.
	Biting his lip, Stig thought back how far he'd come with Cindy's help, then pushed off and tumbled through open air. 


Scene 4. THE FROG & THE BATTERY

	The hospital is going to sleep. Cindy and Nurse Noris walk in quiet. 
	At the room, the nurse says "It's quiet time now."
	Cindy nods, hesitates.
	"No chewing, alright?"
	"Okay," says Cindy.
	"Pinky swear?"
	She holds out her little finger, noticing the nurse holds out the one that had just been in her nose. Cindy hesitates, but links anyway, then they snap aScene and she tiptoes in and crawls under the covers.
	As the door's light narrows and closes, she runs her hands over her body, her face...her head, where mom has long since lopped off her curls.
	She goes to pull the golden strands across her lips, but comes up short.
	Queasy with hunger--she wasn't allowed anything but water since dinner--somehow the hollowness inside her helps her to focus. If Sad Snufflepuss were here, they could sing a song together.
	"When the sun...goes down...the sun goes down..." she tries to sing, but it's not the same. 
	She feels her lips, her cheeks, her nostril hairs, up the bridge of her nose--she's aware of her fingerwanderings, more aware than ever, more aware too of the errant hairs in her eyebrows. Some of them are growing in stubby from the last time she plucked them with dent-worn fingernails.
	Her eyelids too, are punctuated with stubby lashes, poking at the tips of her fingers. They feel wrong, and she can't resist yanking one out.
	Instead of putting it to her lips, she rolls that one hair between thumb and forefinger, then thumb and middle, thumb and ring, thumb and pinky, until she falls asleep.

	"Wake up hon," says the nurse.
	Before Cindy can comply, she feels the bed lurching across the room. She forces open her eyes, and hallway light blinds her. The nurse jostles the bed into a queue along the wall and confers with a doctor.
	Under the sheets, Cindy runs her fingers covertly over her pubes, selecting one to pluck and roll. She doesn't do anything else with it, just flicks it away after bit. Whether she's under disapproving gazes or not, the unconforming hairs have to go. Like slivers stuck in skin, they must be plucked. She strokes the fuzzy patch, almost disappointed by how smooth the hair lay.
	The doctors don't seem to notice, so she continues until they've pushed her down the hall, through a battery of swinging doors.
	Nurse Noris touches her arm and says, "No picking, okay?"
	Cindy nods and stops stroking the patch.
	When the nurse leaves, she carries on stroking but doesn't pick. Surrounded by dial-turning anesthesiologists and nurses, hand-washing doctors and pinging machines, she tugs--tempted--but refrains.
	The scene is already disorienting but when a soft plastic ring seems to grab her face she gasps, struggles. A funny smell.
	The doctor's old-man voice says, "Breathe, Cindy. Count backwards from one-hundred."
	Sinking fast, she tries to remember what number to start with.
	"Ninnnety--eigh--" and numbers fade to dancing sparkles. Down through the soft gauzy, she sinks.

*   *   *

	Gunpowdery wick-smoke prickled her nostrils. She felt the frog's choking fear. Leigh tossed the poor thing on the lawn but, stupefied or defiant, it refused to hop away.
	"It's not all the way in," protested Clayton.
	The both of them--and Cindy too, in spite of herself--were enthralled by what happened next.
	Smoke poured from the frog's forced-open mouth. It looked like it was puffing a fat stogie. In a moment, thick bluey whiteness engulfed it altogether, then slowly dissipated through the forest of grass.
	The frog looked dead. Foggy eyes, its snout yellowed and browned.
	"It was supposed to blow up, Clayton! Let me see that," Leigh said, snatching up the limp animal. 
	"Look," he pointed at the firecracker, "It's a smoker. You got the wrong one."
	Clay shrugged. "Make Cindy eat it," he chirped.
	She screamed and tripped to run, but they tackled her, six knees thudding into damp ground.
	She was used to negotiating her tortures, so after token resistance, she agreed to hold the frog in her mouth for a few minutes just to appease them.
	Larry's voice creaked from the kitchen window.
	"No roughhousing with your sister."
	"We're not roughhousing," said Leigh, "we're just playing."
	"You okay, Cindy?" called Larry's shadow in the window. 
	Leigh made a fist and shot a look at her.
	Mmm-hmmmm," she around the frog in her mouth.
	Larry came out through the screen door and held out his hand. 
	"Spit it out," he said.
	The frog squeaked as Cindy pulled it out of her mouth and put it in Larry's dishwashy palm. This was the usual extent of Larry's intervention, and Cindy never told mom about the incident, just as she never told her about countless other wrestling matches, noogies, and forced-feedings. Doled out with fists and Dixie cups, she had learned to take her brothers' torments. 
	The only time Cindy had ever told on them was later that day, and only then because she thought she was going to explode.
	Larry sighed and tossed the frog down. 
	Cindy ran off and hid by the electrical box behind the neighbor's house. 
	When they caught up with her, Clay held her down, and Leigh shoved some kind of little metal tablet between her lips, forcing aScene her teeth, and holding her mouth shut.
	"Swallow it!" He shouted in her face, "Swallow it!"
	So, she swallowed it. It wasn't even a hard swallow. Not compared to some of the other things they'd made her force down.
	It had taken a few hours before she started feeling sick.
 *   *   *
	Don't be so picky, Cindy," said mom.
	Dinner was watery clumps of instant mashed potatoes served in mismatched bowls on the coffee table.
	Cindy rubbed her bellybutton, stroking the peach fuzz that fringed it.
	"My belly hurts," said Cindy.
	She saw Leigh elbow Clayton, throwing a head-point in her direction.
	"Fine," sighed mom, "go lay down on your bed."
	Cindy got up to go, but her heart sank when Leigh also excused himself to use the toilet.
	Of course, he followed Cindy into her bedroom. 
	"You got a staring problem?" she shot, slamming her door.
	It bounced back open and Leigh leaned into her room.
	"You're gonna explode," he whispered.
	"Nuh-uh. Shut up."
	"You ate electricity. It's in the battery. You're gonna explode."
	It wasn't even a taunt. He said it flat as a fact, almost wistful. She wanted to blow him off, but there was a pit in her stomach.
	And it burned.
	She ran past him, back into the living room, shouting over mom's Glee.
	"Leigh said I'm gonna explode!"
	Mom seemed to sag just a little further than usual. Without taking her eyes off the TV, she said, "What are you talking about, Cindy?"
	"They made me eat a bat'tery, and I'm gonna essplo'ode," cried Cindy, hiccoughing. "When we were playing! They made me eat a battery! I swal'lowed i'i'i'ittt."
	"Oh god," said mother, dumping her plate of potatoes as she stood.
	She grabbed Cindy by the arm and dragged her to the bathroom.
	"Throw up," she yelled, pushing Cindy at the toilet.
	Cindy stood shivering while mom tore through the medicine cabinet.
	"Where's the ipecac? Where the hell's the fucking ipecac?" muttered mother.
	Cindy didn't tell her that Clayton and Leigh had made her drink it ages ago.
	"I can't throw up," said Cindy.
	Mom sat down on the tubside and bent Cindy over her knees. She stuck two fingers into Cindy's mouth. She felt herself gagging, and mom forced her fingers deeper, into Cindy's throat, deeper, until she dry-heaved.
	They struggled in the bathroom until way past Cindy's bedtime, but in all of it, nothing came up except thick saliva and blue Kool-Aid.
	When mom finally sent her to bed, her stomach was feeling less sore--or at least, a different kind of sore--and she was getting hungry. Sitting up in bed, exhausted but wide-awake, Cindy could hear mom talking on the phone for a long time, becoming slowly less frantic.
	Cindy chewed her nails til they bled, hugging Sad Snufflepuss's squishy formlessness.
	When mom appeared in the bedroom doorway, she hid her hands under the covers.
	"The doctor says you should be alright. If you have to poop, poop into these," said mom, putting a box of sandwich bags into Cindy's lap.
	"I'm hungry," said Cindy.
	"Just go to sleep."
	Leigh and Clay eased up for a while after that, but by the time mom stopped collecting the baggies of poop, they were back at it with the sticks and stones and everything else, and Cindy never told on them again.


Scene 5. CHOOSING BLADES

	His red beard had nearly reached the century mark, and had begun to grow gray. The smelly little chamber had been cramped as usual by a bolus of semi-dissolved cricket and mosquito carcasses. He had tried to dress the frog's stomach up a bit, even blocking his quarters off with a lovely swinging door made from dragonfly wings.
	But decades moving from toad to toad, frog to frog--and the odd toadstool now and then to be sure--well, that might have satisfied some gnomes. Not Stig. 
	He had practiced a great many crafts. Since his first apprenticeship cutting gold leaf for the Elder Council's shoehorns to his short flirtation with brandymaking, Stig had thrown himself into work. And though he excelled at these endeavors, boredom inevitably set in. 
	He was young, the elders told him. He would find satisfaction in the crafts in due time. If not brandymaking, then glass-cutting perhaps, or tinkery.
	Even his fourth-to-the-eighth granduncle, Magnus--whose kindness bordered on pederasty--had warned against overhigh aspirations: Patience, dear boy, and diligence. You can't carve Fanfantil's Comb in a century, you know.
	But none of the advice had touched that place of longing deep inside him. And only after long isolation in this toadsbelly had his own self-understanding crept in like slow fungus. It wasn't... mere accomplishment that he sought. The haughtiest craftsmanship was for naught if it served only the gnomish base need for finery. Toiling away at arts for its own sake was such a conceited practice. To what end? He might as well rot. And so he did.
	But the smoke attack had changed all of that.
	Not an hour after he'd pinioned his swinging doors in place, the toad's gullet was inundated by thick smoke.
	He'd yanked the doors shut, staring through their veiny clarity, wringing his hands, as the smoke rose like floodwaters.
	Before he could react, the whole chambe had shuddered around him and seized up, crumpling the doors and smashing Stig's face into the sticky bolus.
	He flailed as bile bubbled around his ankles, legs, hips. The bolus lurched up the gullet, dragging Stig along with it.  
	Through the esophageal canal, he was expelled, screaming. When he emerged, flailing onto his belly, he found himself perched upon a squishy pink expanse. The floor was soft and warm and ringed by shiny white monoliths protruding from ceiling and floor. The toad stared dull-eyed into Stig's besmirched face.
	Then, it had slid away from him. The monoliths spread open and bright light engulfed. Through the opening, he could see the ruddy face of some kind of giant.
	Too late, Stig realized the toad's tongue had him by the bell of his shoe. Stig hugged the bolus for anchorage, but he was dragged into hideous daylight sun.
	Over the monoliths he'd gone, swung down, and dangled high above a razor-sharp forest of grass, on a long string of sticky saliva slung between the toad and the giant pink lips of a...a...a...
	Well, that's odd.
	The distil end of the spittle emanated from a glorious, golden-haired cherub of a giant. Stig's heart swelled, in one crystal moment, tingling with Purpose.
	But he was slipping.
	He mime-roped the saliva, losing traction and spinning in the air.
	Through his washed-out day vision he saw other giants standing in conference.
		The rotund one held out its hand and thundered in giantspeak.
	The only syllables Stig could pick out--and only because the giant's tone rose sharply when he spoke them--were: Sin-dee.
	Despite its size, the its ginger-gray beard had seemed singularly unimpressive. Its hairs had glinted in the daylight, but it was no more than a season-beard.
	The angel-giant had reached the toad away from her mouth, stretching the saliva string taut. Just when he had thought he would be pulled apart, she slurped up the spittle, and Stig had found himself back inside her warm pink mouth. 

*   *   *

	Now, tumbling through the air with the bezoar in his arms, he steeled himself for impact. The bezoar cushioned his fall, but his landing on the dark blue linen flung a huge set of scissors clanking across the floor below.
	The hands of giants passed a few hatswidths above his head, and he scrambled to hide. He ducked into another rolled dark blue cloth, yanking the bezoar with him.
	Within, he found a curved set of pincers with a toothed ratchet on the handle. Stig held his breath while a giant's hands fumbled nearby. When they had gone, he peeked out of the fabric.
	The coast was clear, and he felt safe to leave the bezoar behind in the cloth while he surveyed the array of gigantic brushed steel implements. A few thumbflicks confirmed all were intolerably dull by gnomish standards.
	What he would give for a good blade of grass!
	Resigned, Stig selected one with a detachable blade. He quickly puzzled out the clipping mechanism that held the blade to the broad metal haft.
	"That will just have to doodley-do," he whispered. Then he stole away under the giant rag again, crossed himself, and started shaving his head with the arm-length blade.
	His head hair wasn't as long has his beard, but the pile in front of him was big enough to do the trick. He started to gather it.
	No, he thought. He would have to go the extra yard. This was for Cindy. He put the knife to his throat, and tears of joy rolled down his cheeks as he shaved. 
	When all was said and done, he ran his hands over his bald chin and head. He giggled, feeling like a baby. Then he crawled back to the bezoar.
	Looping the long strands around each forefinger finger and each thumb, he began tucking loose ends of hair under the golden fleece of the bezoar, coiling them into and out of the fabricky surface.
	Stig wove in the ancient gnomish mode at first, fast as he could, precisely ornate. But as he went, he added original flourishes, spinning paisley florals into rococo scenes, coiling elven ivy tendrils into dwarven knotwork, and inventing new styles whole cloth as the mantle transmorphed into artisanal fantasy.
	He adorned the bezoar with endlessly intricate fripps and fandangles.
     Gradually, the bezoar took on the aspect of a curio egg, surpassing even the Elder Council's great shoe horns. 
	He looked past his fingers, astonished at his own ingenuity. Never had such magnificent splendor emerged from gnomish hands.
	Its golden surface scintillated with silvery scrollwork of his own hair.
     Stig grasped his chest, a thrill dancing across his chilled skin.
     He took a deep breath, then screamed at the top of his lungs, " I SHALL DO RIGHT BY YOU MY GODDESS!"
     Suddenly, the thick blue cloth was whipped off of him, knocking him to his knees. One of the giants shrieked, but Stig kept his head. He wrapped the tail of the bezoar round his forearm, heaved it off the torture tray, and wrenched his legs against the metal's edge.
	He jumped and sailed weightless across the gap.
	The stomach-curdling flight invigorated him. His senses were crisp.
     He crooked his arm just right, and snagged the pocket of Cindy's thin gown.
	The full weight of the bezoar yanked his other arm out of its socket, knocking the wind out of him. 
	But he gritted his teeth.
	So. Close.
     He dangled, took a deep chest full of air, then hefted the bezoar safely into the pocket.
     Relieved and dazed, Stig began to pull himself in behind it.
	But when he saw a giant hand coming to swat, he knew he had to draw attention away from the beauty of the Great Cindean Bezoar.
     He rubbed his stubbly chin against his distended shoulder, and smiled.
     Then he let go and tumbled to the floor.
     A voice boomed from above, "What on Earth?"
     And a giant foot came down on Stig.


Scene 6. THE CROC CAPER
	
	"Commence mission: Purse Snatcher," she whispers. 
	She pulls her hands out of her gown and slides out of bed. 
	She moves deliberately across the room, feeling the cool floor through her hospital booties. Though dim, the hallway lights make her wince a little. 
	The floor's reception area is quiet except for the sound of typing. 
	She won't be able to get past the lady behind the counter without being noticed, so she goes up and asks, "What's for breakfast tomorrow?"
	"Honey, it's lights out. You need to go back to your room."
	"Sorry. I'm just hungry and I want to know what's for breakfast. Please?"
	The lady sighs and shuffles papers, then hands a faded xerox across the counter. "Here's the menu," she says. "Now, get to sleep young lady," she says with a warm smile.
	Cindy shoves the paper into her gown pocket and leaves the desk, going in the opposite direction from her room.
	When she gets to the waiting room, Dan is picking out the cashews from the mixed nuts bowl and mom looks up from her paranormal romance and gives her that look.
	"Cindy, what are you doing here? You need to get some sleep."
	"I can't sleep," says Cindy.
	"Well, I don't know what you want me to--"
	"Will you sit up with me?" 
	That look softens just a little, and she says "Fine," then gets up to walk Cindy back to her room.
	"Don't forget your bag," says Cindy.
	Back in the room, Cindy pretends to sleep until she hears mom's light snore, then she cracks her eyes open and peers at mom's bag with a sly smile.
	Flowers grow across the raffia purse in ruddy yellow and red, brown, and white. The worn-shiny suede trim of mom's crocs peeks over out the top. 

*   *   *
	
	When nurse Noris wakes her up, she hops out of bed, feeling the slight squish of the crocks on the floor. She smiles as they walk out of the room. 
	Cindy opens her mouth to make small talk, but she realizes she's been picking at her face and she purses her lips again.
	She stars down at the nurse's purple crocs.
	"You like my crocs?" says the nurse.
	Cindy considers as she dances her fingers through her hair, feeling for the scab she'd picked at the night before.
	"Yeah, I guess. They're not as cool as the pink ones I have at home, but they're still pretty cool," she says.
	"I like yours too," says the nurse as they approach her room.
	Cindy takes her hands off her head.
	"These are my old ones," she says. "Mom wouldn't let me wear the pink ones because the jibbitz keep coming out. They're Hello Kitty."
	The nurse's face splits with a smile.
	"Yeah, but old shoes are so comfortable," she says. "Like a nice, worn-in bed."
	Cindy screws up her face.
	"You know," says the nurse, "a bed that's sagging in the middle, but it's sooooo soft."
	She stops and turns her foot so Cindy can see the Smurfette figure on the side.
	"I've got a jibbitz too," she says.
	The two of them walk down the hall, crocs squeaking in unison.
	"You're a pretty lucky girl," says the nurse. "Getting out of school like this."
	Cindy shrugs, crosses her arms intently, feels for the stubble in her pits.
	"You know, when I was young, I used to bite my nails," says the nurse. She waves her hands.
	"Your nails are perfect," says Cindy. Sparkling flowers of purple and gold.
	They walk silently through the hospital-at-night chill.
	They turn the corridor and arrive at Cindy's room.

*   *   *

	"Can we speak in private, Ms. Strunk?" says the doctor, taking his clipboard from Nurse Noris. 
	"We're all family," says mom flatly.
	Larry pokes into a pot pie he got from the hospital's cafeteria and waves the steam away, then pops open a bag of Doritos.
     "Okay, then. Well, I just wanted to let you know we've removed the blockage and there doesn't seem to be any sign of further obstruction."
     "Good. Will it come back?"
     "Well, unless we're successful at curbing the behavior, eventually I'm afraid it will."
     Mom rolls her eyes and picks up her purse.
	Nurse Noris clears her throat. 
     "Ah, yes. There is one more thing that worries me, " says the doctor.
     "Yes?"
     "I really think we should speak in pr--"
     "Just spit it out."
     "Okay, well. Ah...in addition to the bezoar, we removed what appears to be a watch battery."
     Leigh's eyes go wide and Clay shudders.
     "A battery?" asks mom, and she casts a blazing glance across the boys.
     The doctor nods, "We'll have to speak about it in therapy."
     "Yes," says mother, her eyes softening as she places a hand on Cindy's shoulder gently. "Yes, we will."
     "Come on, Larry. Let's go."
     "You go along. I'm going to finish my pot pie."
     Mom sighs.
     "Fine," she says, "but don't fall asleep on the bus again."
 	When they get to the car, Leigh calls shotgun, and Clayton protests.
	"Give your sister the front seat," says mom. 


Scene 7. THE LEGS OF GIANTS

	The giant's foot slammed Stig against the floor, but didn't crush him. Instead, he squooshed up into it. His fingers found purchase in the purple foam even as he was pressed against the floor over and again with each gigantic step.
     Eventually it stopped, and Stig relaxed, still squashed against the shiny floor.
     The giant shifted its weight from foot to foot, affording Stig the chance to work his way free.
	Sprawling on the floor, his first sight upon struggling up to his hands and knees was a strange sculpture attached to the giant's foot. He sneered at the yellow-haired, blue-skinned abomination and rubbed his eyes, hoping it would go away.  
     When at last was able to stand and survey his predicament, his heart dropped.
	Silhouetted in the watery white light of this vast cavern, his miss Cindy's great golden locks departed down an apparently endless corridor, hand-in-hand with a tall lady giant.
     He wanted to scream, No! but all he could manage was a sad "Adieu."
     "Miss Cindy," he wept. "Adieu."
     He stood for a long moment, letting the sounds of the giants wash over him, unattentive to the great feet that slammed down on all sides.
     When at last he could take it all in, he took his hat from his newly bald head, and rubbed his beardless chin. The chill squeezed his bones. Nothing but taupe blandness and the legs of giants.
     He rested against a wall and only noticed after it moved that he'd been leaning against a giant foot.
	Flustered, he turned around, and high above, he espied a glittery shimmer.
     Hunched over a gargantuan glass table and feasting on some kind of bright orange flatbreads was a giant he recognized. And in the beard he now had to admit was rather superior to his own, tiny nixies rejoiced, flinging handfuls of orange powder.
     The ginger-gray giant reached into his silven feasting sack again, and Stig thought maybe, just maybe, he could climb his way in there.

The End

Afterward to "Chewie" by ChatGPT 4.0 13.Nov.2024

This story shows a narrative shift into fantasy, with earthy humor and a sense of the grotesque. McKnight gives readers an immediately tactile setting: "Stig sat up in bed, shaking and ashamed. The scantily clad beard-nixies fled as his dream haze cleared." Here, Stig’s peculiar relationship with his world, both familiar and magical, begins to unfold in vivid detail. McKnight’s use of language mirrors Stig's blend of wonder and frustration, particularly in Stig’s interactions with his "beloved Miss Cindy" (whose belly he apparenly inhabits), an almost deity-like figure embodied by a bezoar—a massive hairball that he adores and venerates.

The humor and absurdity are amplified by Stig’s solemn devotion to a grotesque object, adding an undercurrent of both satire and pathos to his character. The scene in which he reverently attempts to weave the sparse hairs into the bezoar demonstrates McKnight’s capacity to evoke emotional resonance from the absurd, showing Stig’s loyalty and dedication despite the ridiculousness of his task. McKnight’s pacing here is gradual, allowing readers to fully engage with Stig’s bizarrely devout existence before escalating the tension when the bezoar is abruptly seized by a giant. The fantastical nature of McKnight’s settings blends a tangible sense of scale, tactile details, and humor to build a world as engaging as it is outlandish.

Afterward to Chewie by ChatGPT, November 13, 2024
Chewie encapsulates McKnight’s skillful blend of humor, fantasy, and existentialism. Stig’s grotto—a realm both protective and suffocating—serves as a metaphor for unyielding devotion and blind faith. Stig’s efforts to maintain the sacredness of Miss Cindy’s bezoar, despite absurd odds, reveal a critique of fanatical devotion. This devotion is endearing and humorous yet dark, suggesting that love and faith can become as consuming as they are noble.

McKnight’s detailed world-building draws readers into the tactile experiences of Stig’s world, where the environment itself—the grotto, the bile pool, the Bezoar—reflects Stig’s internal state of longing and doubt. The humor of Stig’s devotion to something as strange as a bezoar contrasts with his very real emotions, giving depth to his character and pathos to his journey. The story ultimately asks us to examine what we hold sacred and the boundaries of devotion.



<<<<<<<<<<<END OF STORY / START OF NEXT>>>>>>>>>>>


TITLE: Crossingtide
(c) 2008 by Nathan McKnight 

Shepherd Quickdart fluttered out of the sediment, stirring up clouds of turbidity that startled the villagers. He smelled the perpetrator in the current from the cool river runoff. He knew his quarry well. He’d been chasing the polyamator as he skipped from estuary to estuary, trying to blend in before he committed his next cross-contamination. 
Quickdart slid along the bottom, quietly swimming upstream. The effort was invigorating. It reminded him of last Opposition's breeding season, when the currents of his home river were especially strong and cool. He missed its smell, missed making love to its waters. But his mind was pulled to the present when caught another whiff of the criminal, shivering with disgust at the thought of the polyamator spawning in *his* river. 
The sediment in this river was thick and murky, typical of the polyamator’s haunts. It made him cough, but he kept quiet as he slithered between the roots of the sand trees. Come breeding time, this estuary would be a throng of spawning families during Opposition, but this close to Passing, it was a ghost town. 
There was a sound to his left, a swish of water, and a startle of motion. Quickdart’s tail snapped, just grazing flesh, drawing blood, then darted in pursuit. The flow of the chase blurred his eyes even as it cleared his gills. The perp dashed under a log, then popped back out at Quickdart’s face and fled over his shoulder. Quickdart turned and pursued him back downstream towards the village, hearts beating in cascade. 
"Choke on sand, Shepherd," shouted the perp, before he disappeared into the crowded market. 

Quickdart swam upside down above the heads of the shoppers, trying to catch the polyamator, or spot him with his eyes. The behavior drew stares from the villagers. He heard the sound of a scuffle at the edge of the market, and darted towards it.

A bone merchant writhed in front of his hole, bleeding from a deep ventral wound. Quickdart rushed up to him and waved a stranger to go find a poulticer. "Which way?" he whispered to the dying merchant. But he was too far gone.

Quickdart swam into the merchant's hole, jangling bone scrapers and needles as he rushed through narrow corridors. There was nobody here, but the hole exited into a deep fauna-encrusted crevasse. A tiny tended garden swayed at the edge of the crevasse, beyond which cruising along the jagged bottom would be impossible. 

Quickdart cursed. Lost him again. 

But just then, he heard the gurgle of somebody struggling to hold their gills shut. 

"Give it up, polyamator," said Quickdart patrolling the edge of the garden, always keeping his body between the merchant's dark hole and the garish fauna. 

"My name is Leantail," he heard a voice say from behind a stand of polypflowers. 

"Whatever your name is, you're out of options. One way or another, it's surrender or fight, so you might as well come out now and we'll get this over with."

"I can still flee," said the criminal, his voice rasping with desperation.

"You've already fled from estuary to estuary, contaminating every river you've touched. Would you appreciate strangers spawning in your homeriver? There's nowhere left to flee."

"You don't get it," said the polyamator, "I'm from the outskirts of the great delta. My little stream is a cesspool from all the riff raff that show up for Opposition. And now, every year, my spawn mingles with millions. I can't even make myself make love to my own water. What am I supposed to do, roll over and die of gametosis?"

"Listen Leantail, I'm from the city too. It's hard, but you have to accept your home for what it is. I did, and so do most of us. And however hard your life is, that's no excuse for spawning in *multiple* streams."

"Well, lots of others die. My estuary is unlivable, my offspring are doomed if I spawn there. Hopping from stream to stream is the only chance I have. I can still flee," he repeated. 

"There's nowhere to go, pervert. Flee into the crevasse if you want. You'll get caught up in the firebranches or sucked up by a hexapus. I'd rather take you into custody, but if you want to kill yourself, that would solve my problem just as easily." 

"I can still go *up*. The worlds are passing tonight, I can cross to the frontier."

"Are you crazy? That's a long swim, even from here. By the time you get to Highpoint, you'll be exhausted. You couldn't possibly make the crossing alive."

"What do you care?"

"Because you're a polyamator and a killer, and I'll be damned if I let you get away, even to the frontier."

The garden was quiet but for the waving of bristleweeds. 

The perpetrator slithered from around the polypflowers. He was a sullen adolescent, his gills lined with dark streaks from mudhuffing. 

Quickdart approached cautiously, feeling sad for the kid. Nothing could end well for this one. He gave Leantail a sympathetic look, but reached out to loop a twine around his forefin. Just when he was within reach, the kid lunged, knocking Quickdart back. His dorsus stung with bristleweed quills and the kid fled into the bright water above. 

Quickdart's Shepherd training kicked in and he swam into the sky in persuit. The village vanished in the depths, and he could hear the astonished gasps of shoppers below. 

If this kid was serious about crossing, he either had some serious grit or he was suicidal. The prospect terrified Quickdart, and he was a trained Shepherd of the Law. When the frontier planet passed overhead and the twin seas kissed, there were only a few minutes to make the crossing, and it was a struggle against a raging current that, when Passing was over, was flung out into space, a monstrous spray of rapidly-freezing seawater. Quickdart had heard stories of whole families ejected into space and raining down again, frozen into gigantic balls of hail. If the sparse reports from those rare souls who claimed to have crossed *back* were to be trusted, you'd find yourself on your own on another planet, in a barren land populated by society's rejects, with nowhere to return to during Opposition. No family stream. No home estuary. Quickdart shivered. 

It was insane, but every year one or two people tried. Most of them were thwarted by the Crossing Guard, and those who evaded them were usually killed in the process of the crossing itself. It was news whenever somebody actually made it across the sea bridge. And whatever happened to them after that, nobody knew.

Leantail thrashed violently, an inefficient swimmer, but he was young. And with his head start and Quickdart's bristle-stinging skin, he was far out ahead. As the hours rolled on, the kid shrunk to the distance, a dark speck soon to disappear. Quickdart whistled the call of the Crossing Guard and swam on.

He thought of his home estuary being polluted or overrun by throngs of strangers. What would he do? Would he keep trying to return home? Would he be able to make love to the water of his own familiar river once it was no longer sweet and cool? It would kill him inside to have to make love to murky water. But what could you do? You have to spawn. Everybody has to spawn. Opposition was half a year away, and the longing for high tide was strong. Quickdart let himself imagine for a moment what it would be like to spawn in a home estuary not his own. The smell of unfamiliar water, the keening of strangers. It made him feel dirty, queasy. He shook off the feeling, ashamed of thinking such sick thoughts. He would rather die of gametosis than commit such a cross-contamination.

He had been swimming for hour upon hour, and the light from the shallows above was dimming. This was the highest he'd ever swam, and he was feeling light headed. His eyes and gills tingled. The Crossing Guard should be close, but he had trouble whistling. A strange whine permeated the water. 

Quickdart strained to see what was happening above. He could see the annual eclipse starting, a massive shadow creeping across the water. 

"Leantail!" he shouted, "Give it up. This is crazy." 

He wheezed with the effort. The water up here was fizzy, and breathing it so hard was pure stabbing pain. Above, he saw saw a group of shadows swimming into the eclipse. As they converged, he started to catch up, and he could make out what was happening. They were going to apprehend the polyamator. Relief flooded over Quickdart.

In spite of the pain, the fizzy water seemed to be energizing, and he swam faster. He wanted to be a Scene of this one. He'd been persuing the polyamator too long to see him captured by volunteers. 

The frontier planet was a behemoth looming above. As its crescent became clearer, the blue of foreign seawater glinted brilliantly. The guards surrounded the kid before Quickdart could get there, and he felt a mixture of relief and disappointment. He slowed down to approach and let them do their job. The kid hovered motionless. He looked tired and Quickdart could see blood seeping from his gills. The guards were talking to him in reassuring tones.

Damnit, thought Quickdart. This wasn't the right approach. He swam up to the group, and one of the guards turned, surprised. 

"Grab him," shouted Quickdart.

But the kid used the distraction to stab two of the crossing guards between the eyes.

Quickdart surged forward and tackled the boy, narrowly dodging the sharp spine of his tail. They wrangled for a moment, but Leantail slipped out of his grip.

"You can't go much higher," shouted one of the guards as the kid swam for the sky with Quickdart in persuit. 

The kid trailed cloud of blood and adrenaline. 

The whine in the water was getting louder. The surface of the sea was in sight, and it roiled. He had never seen it so close before, but he'd always heard it described as mirrory and placid. This was anything but.

The water seemed to curve upwards, into a hill reaching towards the frontier planet above. Leantail swam up into the bulge as it stretched upward, thinner and thinner, like a tunnel. Quickdart could see great masses of water separating themselves from the sea surface and flying up towards the other planet. Currents swirled, carrying foamy white streamers and small fishes. At the surface, he could see floating tree branches and debris circulating. The kid was cornered again. 

"Don't come near me," he said. "I'll kill you."

Quickdart tried to grab him and Leantail tried to stab back, but both of them flailed as a surge of current swept them into the tunnel of water above. A roar rose and the water went white. 

Quickdart's eyes and gills felt like they were going to be pulled out of his head, and he swam upward, feeling frantically around for the kid. 

An alien smell washed over him, and the whiteness passed. Suddenly, he found himself in the center of a vast bridge of perfectly clear, ice cold water. To one side, a planet. To the other side, a planet. Leantail curled, fetal in the middle of it, surrounded by stars. Quickdart's hearts beat in cascade, and he took the kid under his fin. 

From the position of the sun, Quickdart was able to determine which world was his own, and he began to swim towards it. 

The swimming was hard in this corridor, and his fins felt like they would freeze. He swam towards the whitewater below, tugging the unconscious kid along. 

Though he was battered and exhausted, he couldn't help but feel struck through by the beauty of swimming in the sky. He could see the entire world spread below. The blue of ocean, the long peninsula of the continent stretching over the horizon. It was terrifying.

Suddenly, the ocean bridge constricted, and Quickdart instinctually pushed the kid out ahead, towards home. The effort pushed his own body back, towards the frontier. He had felt weightless, now he felt like he was falling, and he swam forwards behind Leantail's limp body. 

In an instant, the wall of ocean surface appeared in front of him. He could see Leantail on the other side of it, in a wobbling tail of water extending to the home world. And he knew he was not going home. Forgetting what that meant, Quickdart turned and swam for his life. The frontier world below seemed to be getting bigger, the water seemed to be getting colder. He glanced back at his home, but was startled by the snap of sea surface closing off again, separating the tongue of water into another floating globe behind him, then another, and another. He imagined himself getting caught in one of those, to freeze into a giant ice ball and spend the rest of eternity in the ice ring around the sun.

He swam as hard as he could into the unknown below, foreign seawater engulfing him. The foamy expanse of whitewater loomed, and then with a concussion that deafened him and knocked his gills shut against his sides, a wall of sea surface cut him off ahead. He reeled. The waterscape around him had coalesced into a wobbling sphere. He swam in a little circle, seeing there was no way out. After a lifetime in open water, it was deeply confusing. The seconds ticked forwards over what seemed like ages. The frontier planet below was growing rapidly, and home was shrinking rapidly. The surface of the mini-sea he floated in seemed to be calming as it fell, and white bubbles of ice seemed to be multiplying along the leading edge. 

Quickdart felt his muscles weakening, and his Shepherd training kicked in. He swam in wide circles, skimming the edge of the sphere, hoping to keep himself, and the water around him from freezing. He couldn't feel his body at all, but he could tell he was moving. Dizzy, nearly blacking out, he swam, swam, swam. Through foggy vision, he saw the frontier planet expand out, flattening.

Then a crushing pressure wave knocked him unconscious. 

The smell of the home estuary filled his gills. He floated, serene. 

Then he blinked awake, bobbing in the sea. Claps of hail thundered in the distance. A surge of flotsam struck him, and he felt bones crunching in his side. He panicked, swimming down. The hailclaps sounded louder and louder. A ball of ice plunged past his face, sinking deep, and he kept swimming. Another plunged past, trailing bubbles. He swam on. His body was numb but his gills felt hot. Huge hail boulders plunged on all sides, and others rushed up from below, flying back towards the surface. The sounds of cataclysm wracked his body, the cracking of ice like the cracking of enormous bones. He wasn't sure if it was the hail stones smashing against each other, or his own body being beaten pulpy. 

Darkness closed. Warm water felt like burning, but it was good. He swam towards the seabottom, the echoes of Passing quieting behind him. He swam as deep as he could until he found a warm current, then relaxed, hoping the current would carry him somewhere. Some foreign estuary he could make his home. 

<<<END OF STORY / START OF NEXT>>>




TITLE: The Damps
(c) 2006 By Nathan McKnight




Mr. Eberts drove through the night to make sure he arrived in Straitsville right at sun up. He figured he'd need most of a day's work to get the deal done, and he wanted to be out of there come nightfall. Already, he looked over his shoulder at every knock of the engine and flutter of the heart.  
*   *   *
"She's been running from that fire her whole goddamn life," said Mr. Eberts, "What makes you think she's going to stop running now?"
"Please, Bill," said Mr. Ambrose. "It would mean an awful lot. That woman practically raised me." 
Mr. Eberts finished the last crumbs of his lemon chiffon.
"Okay," he said, "but if I talk to Lizzie Green, you have to buy every last drop of Hock-Hocking I've got left."
"Hang on a sec," injected J.M., leaning over from the little window booth, "You ain't really going up to Lizzie Green's? That place ain't right, I tell ya. You're like as not to get snuffed out by mine gasses. And all that sulphur in the air--I'm telling ya--it'll eat yer eyes right outta yer head."
"This whole dang town smells like sulphur," said Mr. Eberts, "Gives me the creeps. It's why I left."
Eberts pushed his plate away.
"Don't have much choice," said Eberts. "If I don't sell this beer--and quick--I'm out of a job."
"The way I hear it, you're out of luck any case," said J.M., waving his fried egg sandwich.
"Maybe," said Eberts, "but if I unload my last few cases, I'll get my severance, and a crack at a position in the new company."
"New company?"
"The brewery's thinking of switching to soda pop come the new year."
That brought a guffaw that blew the whipped cream off J.M.'s milkshake.
"Nobody's gonna be drinkin soda pop, Mr. Eberts. If they really take away whiskey, folks around here'll just switch to mine rum."
"It's a done deal," said Eberts, turning back to Mr. Ambrose, "Prohibition is coming. So, what about us? Do we have a deal?" 
He stuck out his hand, Ambrose yanked it toward him, Eberts yanked it back, they shook high, shook low, and ended in an Indian-style "How!"
Just like old times.
"One last thing," said Mr. Eberts. 
He scribbled out a note on the back of his napkin. 
"Could I ask you to send a telegram to Hocking Brewery?" he said.
Ambrose took the napkin and read it aloud: "SALE CONFIRMED SEND THREE TRUCKS PAREN. SEVEN-FIFTY CASES CLOSE PAREN. STRAITSVILLE. A-S-A-P."
*   *   *
He could feel the breath of the ghost horses on the back window of his car as he sped up the road to Dutch Ridge. They had haunted him all his life, but the ghost hooves pounded on his trail as he fishtailed around a gravelly corner. 
He shook his head, took one hand at a time off the wheel to shake out the knucklewhite. He never should have returned to New Straitsville. 
A veil of smoke encompassed the car, and Eberts cursed. The mine fire had been burning since '94. He'd only been eleven at the time, but he way he remembered it, the Sun had died the day the striking workers started the fire. Not long afterwards, Grampa Lisander had died fighting for the town that vilified him. Family enmity burned long in these parts.
Twenty-five years later, the mine fire was still going too, spewing thick smoke from an ever-shifting landscape of fissures and sinkholes. 

When the gravel ran out, Mr. Eberts and slipped out of the lightly-worn front seat of his company car. He would miss the 1917 Pierce-Arrow.
The slam of the door wumphed softly against the low, smoky sky. Mr. Eberts held his handkerchief over his mouth and hiked an unnamed trail up to the last place he remembered Lizzie Green living. She'd never go far. Even as the ground burned, she'd refused to abandon Dutch Ridge. Just kept moving back and forth, scrounging together a new little shack each time an old one burnt down or was inundated by the damps. 
His shoes weren't made for hiking, and his slacks caught on burrs along the way through the coal-stinking woods.
After a while, he ran across the trace of the coal seam on the ground. It was a thick line, exuding the stench and heat of a coal oven, broken in places by slumping dirt. Following Dutch Ridge, he had to cross that line.
Eberts sidled up to one of the dirt slumps and dug his foot in as best he could. With teeth gritted and muscles tensed, he crossed the seam. His shoes steamed with sweat.
He kept the handkerchief tight over his mouth, but it was quickly was blotted black, despite repeated refolding. 
When he reached the top of the ridge, the Sun was a dull red glow in the black sky. The sound of galloping rushed up behind him. He turned, but nothing was there except a dark billow of smoke.
The lights of a cottage glowed through trees queerly tilted trees. He felt a quaking.
"Eeeeberrrrrts!" the shriek came from everywhere, and he knew it was the voice of Shep Tinker, coming to reclaim his partner in crime. 
The ground below began to lift. At first, he felt like the whole world was bending. He jumped and looked back. It was just one tree falling over, its enormous root system tearing out of the ground, smoking, charred.
He approached the house, watery-eyed. 
Lizzie's was a tin shack ensconced in burr oaks and a glorious old gum tree. The remains of the wagon carriage Eberts remembered the long-dead Mr. Green and the Green girls riding around town had been reduced to a weedy stack of bone-dry planks. But one wheel still held together, leaning on the gum tree. Him and Ambrose had pissed on that wheel a thousand times. But they stopped doing it after Mr. Green was taken by the mine. 

Eberts took a leak behind the gum tree for old time's sake, calming his nerves. Where his stream hit the prickly brown tree droppings, the hiss of red-hot embers hissed ammonia steam.
"Whaddaya waunt, Billy?"
Eberts fiddled with his fly and spun, dribbling on his trousers.
"Oh, uh...Lizzie Green. Well, good to see you!"
Silence burned, then Lizzie said, "Tiredest lookin smile I seen all week. Well, don't just stan there--come awn in."
Eberts sighed and followed Lizzie into the dim shack. 
"I've come to talk to you about movin," he said.
"Oh naw you don't," she said, turning right round and pushing him back onto the porch. 
"Done had enougha y'alls commin up here tryna 'talk some sense inta me.' Whatdday'alls think y'gonna say y'ain't already sed? And here's me thinkin you was just commin out to catch up with poor old Lizzie Green," she scowled. "At'n wiz on mah tree. Why should I listen to some babified city slicker, son of a horse thief, anyway?"
Mr. Eberts flushed, the sound of a thousand sets of hooves chasing him through life exploded upon his memory. 
"Now see here, Lizzie Green..." he started.
"No, you see here, boy," she said in an ancient-sounding voice. "Yer family ain't nothing but lousy good-fer-nothin's right down to the person. Shoulda got run outta town before you was even borned."
	"I've had about enough of this," shouted Mr. Eberts, stepping up to take Lizzie by the arm. 
	She backed up, trying to close the door on him, but he pushed his way in.
	"Listen here, boy..."
	"No, you listen here. I am sick of you people disrespecting my kin cause-a your stupid hillbilly legends. My grampa warn't no horse thief, and even if he was, that was a hunderd years ago! I've taken the last lip from you that I care to. You're comin with me." 

As Eberts' spoke, his eyes adjusted to the dim, and he saw the one-room house was almost entirely taken up by an improvised distillery made from a welded battery of fish kettles and the belly of an old green enamel stove. Jars piled three high filled the floor, neatly labeled: MR. BENTLEY, JACK DONLEY SR., RALPH MACKENZIE.
Eberts gaped, picked one up: EDGAR
"Why, you've got a proper nip joint here," he said.
"It wasn't the damps kep me movin," she said, "was the spirits. They died in the fire, or in fightin it. All'a them. I was the only one heard their shrieks when the ground collapsed, their whimpers when the gas overtook 'em. An' they never forgot." She shuddered. "But they tried to take me. Every night, all night, they'd jump into my body, try'na take over, failin'. It was terrible, Billy. Ah tried'ta run, I moved'ta one house after'nuther, but they always found me, and the further I went, cuss'der they got. But I finally learnt. It was the damps'at kep'em, filled the mine'n gave'em life in death. I learnt'ta capture those vapors. In the mine rum," she said, gesturing at the jar in Eberts' hand.
"You captured the mine gasses in...moonshine?"
"It's moonshine, aight, but not juss. After I distill the shine, I run it through again, purify it, and I open the kettles to let the damps in. I realized, accidentally, I silenced one. I knowed'em all by name, an Doc Able weren't swirlin bout no more. He was in the jar."
Eberts peered into the jar he held, and though it was crystal clear, he could see the barest glint of pale orange light.
He shook his head, and said, "Lizzie," steeling himself. "Lizzie, you've finally gone off your rocker."
Quick as he could, Eberts seized her around the waist and swung her bony little body over his shoulder, and turned to leave.
But he was jolted by a crash and a splash on the back of his head. He fell to his knees, his lungs filling with the sting of moonshine vapors.
As Lizzie scampered away, Mr. Eberts staggered out the door and tumbled down the porch steps. He turned with his hands protecting his face. Lizzie stood, holding a jar ready to throw. 
Delicate tendrils of vapor coalesced as they rose from Eberts' face and chest. 
He braced himself against one of the big burr oaks, and said, "Lizzie, please. I only want what's best..."
A jar burst over Eberts' head, against the tree trunk. He ducked and scampered away on all fours across the hot dirt, but fell on his face, feeling as though a powerful wind had hit him suddenly on the back. He rolled over and gaped at the burgeoning cloud of vapors luminescing fire-orange amid the ever-present smoke.
The ground was hot. His back began to burn, and he leapt to his feet. The vapors had materialized into an apparition, sweeping through the air, into his mouth, then out the back of his head. It left him simultaneously burning and icy.
Eberts gasped as another jar whirred by, thwacking his ankle before bursting into flames on the smoldering ground.
"You see what it's like now! Now you see why I gotta trap'em. The still's the only way I know how. Runnin away never worked. No matter how far you go, Billy, they're gonna chase you down."
She hefted another jar of moonshine.
He tried to stand, but only succeeded in rolling over onto his side, painful, fetal. 
The jar on the ground in front of his face was effervescing on the hot dirt. Its label said: LISANDER EBERTS. 
He reached out, forcing his hand to grab the hot jar. Ethanol steam spurted from the lid, prickling orangey-blue flames where it touched the ground.
With all his strength, he wrenched the lid, and with a puff of pressure, the jar was open.
Wavering at the maw of the jar, golden flames formed a tormented face.
"Paw?" he said. 
With all his will, he brought it to his lips for a painful-hot kiss, a swallow, a gulp, another, and another. He felt the hot alcohol surge though his gullet. He could barely breath, but with the heat, his chest tightened, his muscles tensed, hard like anthracite, and he stood, unbreathing, monolithic. 
He felt the ground rumble, and heard a single set of hooves bearing down.
"Eeeeeberrrrtsss!" 
Lizzie staggered, hand over mouth, then darted into the shack.
The burning white smoke of a ghost horse reared up and stamped its wispy hooves on the ground in front of Mr. Eberts. Riding the horse was a shriveled-looking old man.
"So, I've finally caught up with you, Mr. Eberts" said the spirit. 
Against his will, Eberts opened his mouth, and in his grandfather's voice, he said, "What of it, Shep?"
"You took my property," the mounted phantom said, "now I'm going to have to take your life."
"I had to return them to their rightful owners," said the voice from within Eberts. "But the black damp got us just as we crossed the ridge."
The ghost of Shep Tinker sidled up to Eberts, and to his shock, he stood his ground, even as Tinker placed a spectral gun against his temple.
"Say your prayers, Eberts."
At that moment, Lizzie swung the door wide, and the light of the fire under the mash pot on her still flooded the clearing. 
Tinker and Mr. Eberts both swooned. He could feel the spirit of grampa Lisander being pulled out of him. With all his might, he tried to keep the ghost inside him, hugging the spirit with his arms, his chest, his soul.  
Just before he lost his grip, he saw the spirit of Shep Tinker pulled off its mount, twisting into the cabin. It swirled above the still, fighting the inevitable. 
And there was silence.
*   *   *
The refrigerated trucks rolled into the lot, reflecting lamplight onto the gravel.
"What do you mean, you didn't talk her down?" spat Ambrose.
"Trust me, Mr. Ambrose. I've got it covered," slurred Mr. Eberts, drunk on a couple of Manhattan cocktails.
"Yeah, well, you ain't made a sale yet, so wouldn'ya say bringin all this dang beer into town is a bit hasty?"
A crowd had gathered around the trucks, and the Hock-Hocking men unloaded the cases onto Ambrose's front porch.
"Aw, sshhut up and have a bheer," said Mr. Eberts.
"But you promised," protested Mr. Ambrose.
"Shhh..." said Mr. Eberts.
The door to Ambrose Lunch Counter tinkled open.
Ambrose started, mouth agape at seeing Lizzie, dressed in her Sundays.
"Hello, Mr. Ambrose," she said, setting a jar of moonshine on the countertop. "I believe Mr. Eberts has a different proposition for you."
 
<<<<<<<<<<<END OF STORY / START OF NEXT>>>>>>>>>>>
 

TITLE: BENT ‘N’ DENT
(c) 2004 by Nathan McKnight 
Author's introductory note: This is a complete piece, deliberately written to be rough and fragmentary, using hte form of a Myspace blog (where it was actually published by McKnight)


BENT ‘N’ DENT, Part 1
You ain't gonna find love in a bloody nose. I found that out harder'n the hard way and ended up getting chased by a pig-mangling lunatisk that tailed me all the way back to Ohio. And to think I was this close to calling him dad!
 
But it all started in Columbus, Ozhio. Right here at home. Well, in the piercing studio anyway, which is as close to home as anything. They said the new girl would do my septum at half price, and I thought maybe Kati was expanding into piercing.
 
Kati had done my last tat as Scene of her internship and she did a great job, but apparently she wasn't the new girl anymore. There was a *new* new girl.
 
At the time, I knew not who the new new girl was, but it turned out that the new new girl was a girl I knew. It was the girl with the anime eyes. You know how they do a close up to where you can see a little glint of light in their big doe eyes? Well, this chick had a tiny silver HEART in her eye. I guess they can insert the jewelry under the sclera, right on top of the choroid layer. Hearts in her eyes, heh. I won't use her real name. Let's just call her Peepers.
 
I met her at show a few days before. It was a little low-ceilinged hole in the wall, but the bands they book, hellers yeah. Shit, that was a damn good show! Um, I don't remember what band it was. But I bumped—well, slammed really—into Peepers and we danced, if you'd call it that. She got my number, but I think I accidentfully told her my dentist's fax number. What can I say; I was probably drunk. Okay, I was definitely drunk. But so was she. Other than gesturizing at her cellphone, I believe the only thing she said to me that night was "Yum".
 
Anyway, nerp. Now she's doing my septum. You know, "doing" like piercing, not "doing" like…you know, I'm not implying *nose* sex or anything, not really. So she's going to punch it up to 6 gauge from scratch. When I asked about that before, they told me it wasn't a good idea. I should've listened to them. No, I shouldn't have. But she was new, and I asked her really nice and she liked me and, being the half-price girl, she'd been stacked with appointments so we were doing this in the afterhours. Thus, when she put the skin punch up to my nose, there was nobody else there to say "Hey, Peepers* that's not a good idea!"
 
*Again, I'll mention that's not her real name, so they wouldn't have said that even if they were around to make some such similar exclamation. But I digress.
 
Hole punch, girl, septum. Gnuff said. I guess she didn't have enough muscle behind it or something. When she pushed it through, my eyes watered but otherwise I felt fine.
 
But I didn't feel fine when she said, "Ewww!" and jumped back in a very un-piercemanlike manner. Her glinty eyes were wider'n I've ever seen a manga artist draw.
 
So, of course I asked, "What!?" My heart was threatening to treacle out my bellybutton in a thin paste, and I shudder to think what the look on my face must've been. She pointed me to a mirror and under the metal tubey thing that transstomatized my septum, I could see a little divot of my very own nose flesh. Very not yum.
 
"Well, what do we do?" she asked me. Let me repeat that: *she* asked *me*. Ugh.
 
Shrug. "Just yank it off." She gave me a look that was some sort of halfbreed between 'dubious' and 'I am a spidermonkey lost in a supermarket'. "Nevermind, I'll do it."
 
"You're not sterilized. Okay hold still." That statement was unnecessary because she held me still with an elbow in my shoulder, one hand under my neck and the heel of her other hand against my cheekbone while she pinched the flesh wad in her fingers. "Okay ready," she said with her Marlboro breath bridging the inch between her face and mine, then jerked it off without waiting for an answer.
 
"Fuck, that hurt! Well—it wasn't too bad, actually," I said, perhaps a bit too masochistically.
 
She smiled, perhaps a bit too sadistically.
 
"I love the metal in your eyes," I said.
 
"Oh that's nothing," she said, "you should see the guy who did it for me!" I'd definitely be taking her up on that offer as ASAP as possible. "You're a hopeless romantic, ain't ya?"
 
"Hah, naw. I'm a ropeless homantic."
 
She leaned in for a kiss—or maybe more of a face-rape since she was holding me down? *Not* expecting that, but what the fuck? If she still likes me when we're not both drunken lushes, then that's a good thing. That's what I thought at the time anyway. I dug deep with my tongue and sucked on her upper lip and sucked on her lower lip and realized I was bleeding profusely and nibbled at her tongue and licked her teeth. She sat up, grinning like a fool with blood all over her face, and I realized it was about time to end Scene one of my story.
 
Stay tuned for Scene two, in which I get chased by a redneck with a castrating device all the way from Captain Fritz Road, Florida to fucking Comeblowus, Ohio.
 

Bent 'N' Dent, Scene 2

He had metal chunks in his eyes, studded like WWII sea-mines! Matched his belt. Peepers--the girl with anime eyes--drug me over here, pinkies linked after we'd finished making out and washing the blood off.
 
This story's'bout't take a turn for the worse. Seriously. But let's just start with the better why don't we? Oh, and by the way, if you haven't read my blog from December 4th, you may want to go back and do that. Ain't strictly necessary, but you can learn why she's called Peepers, and you can learn about finding love in a bloody nose, and you can see a purdy picture.

You should do that. Or not. See if I care, honkey.
 
Now, Peepers had it in for me from the start. Maybe I'm wrong, but frankilly I don't care. She was somthing painful, something startling. But she wanted something painfully plain.
 
I started wondering when she brought me here, to see her landlord, the guy with the sea-mine eyes, the guy who surgically inserted hearts in Peepers' peepers. She told him she was outta here next week. She was moving to Florida with her parents.
 
And that's what we did. Yep, I said *we*. Don't ask me...I was more surprised than you. Crazy shit, that. But we're still on the good part, so let's start from there.
 
Her apartment was above the bar, and peeling in the painty parts, but sparkly with dusty dishes and beer bottles. She shoved me onto a futon mattress on the floor and we wrangled sweaty. Her legs were dotted with heart shaped bubble tats, loose beige paint chips, and goose bumps. I put an arm under her, raising her hips, and I unbuttoned her shirt one-handedly, then pulled the drawstring on her pajamalike pants. The pink futon made her powder white skin look all the more pale, and my hands on her body seemed downright tropical. It's rare I notice my Mediteranity, but it was there then. Maybe heading south wasn't such a bad idea. <<<
 
I never know what to say about love really. But then the this wasn't the that. Not in this case. Not then, not there. It was just lovely lust, long delayed. I hate to skip this part, really, I reallyreally do. But then there's always time for lust.

And another thing...just cause it ain't love don't mean it cain't be mistaked for love. That shit happens you know. Ask anyone. Crazy crazy shit makes you do crazy crazy shit.
 
I was looking for a job at the time and she was looking to get out of a job she just started. I never asked why. One day I will. Truly, I won't. Anyway, me and my job-hunt had gone nadawhere, but as it turned out, deep in the panhandle of Florida, her dad had a farm and her mom had a store.
 
What's the store called?
 
Wait for it...wait for it...
 
It's called Bent 'N' Dent.
 
I liquidated damn near everything in the week leading up to the move. I kept my car, a '78 Corolla wagon. Sky blue, with wood paneling. Fuckie yeahp. Kept it because that's what we were gonna take to F-to-the-L-to-the-O-to-the-double-R-orida. Florrorida. Rhymes with horrorida. Horror-ful, horrid, and florid all at once. How odd.
 
See, she proposed to me and I said yes. Well, actually I said "Uh...alright, cool." I don't know why.
 
But I did feel like we knew each other a long time. We *had* known each other a week, after all. And I *did* know her pretty freakin well. For example, I knew she had shiny-ass eyes and I knew her futon was a comfy-ass place to screw and I knew her name was Peepers (only that's not true since I just made up that name for the sake of the story...but I digress). I guess I'm a hopeless romantic. Crazy shit, that.
 
Filled the Corolla with Peepers' belongings and nothing of mine. Nothin but me clothes and me kitty (I call her Rocket, but I don't know what she calls herself). So we left at four on a Sunday morning. I was rocketing as fast as that old beauty could rocket, and Rocket was purrrrrinating in Peepers lap.
 
On the way, she filled me in on her parents. I got the whole story: Fran was her mom, she told me, and Frank was her dad.
 
The End. Well... the end of her whole story. Not of mine.
 
So anyway, hell hath NOT the fury of a redneck with a castrating device--she didn't tell me that, I just thought I'd throw that in as a little retrospective foreshadowing. Is that a contradiction? I didn't know, but now I know hell would not even know where to buy that sort of deep south fury. Maybe at Bent 'N' Dent.
 
Oh, hey by the way...yes, the rumors are true; my next story's got pirates with machine guns. I swear on Jello the Pig's grave. You'll see what I mean by that soon enough.
 
My beautiul car shuddered and clanked and made it most of the way through Tennessee. The Corolla finally threw in the towel about fifty miles west of Chattanooga. The tri-state area, according to the radio. For those of you who ain't up to snuff on your geographatitty, that's way far away from Florida. According to my map, the distance was only about two thumb-widths, but it looks MUCH bigger in person. My Rocket was still purring at least.
 
SHIT! SHIT. DAMN DAMN DAMN. SHIT!
 
Fuck.
 
I was standing on the side of Interstate 24, swearing and I said to myself, "Self, get it together." And I did. Okay, well that's not so true actually. Peepers had to calm me down. She did so by jumping on my back, nibbling my ear and, well, clasping her hands over my mouth.
 
"It's cool," she said, "daddy's got a Bronco."
 
Oh, well daddy's got a Bronco. That makes everything better. <<<
 
"He can tow us home," she said. 
 
So, on the last juice of my cellphone, she called daddy...I wouldn't call him that myself, but maybe I'll call him dad whenif we did do the marrying thingy. But I was having my doubts. Maybe it was just the stress. Or was it maybe...say...the downright stupidity of the whole fucking situation? Nah, couldn't be that. Anyway, it turned out Frank wasn't going to get here until late evening. So, we'll fast forward though the waiting part. If you watched the fast forward, this is what you'd see…
 
2x: We fight, we fuck, we fightfightfightfuckfight, we fuckfightfuckfuck. The cat purrs.
4x: fffighfuckfighttfffuckffffighttt. Purrrrrrrrr.
8x: ffftttffprrrrrr.
 
See, if you watch it go by fast enough, it's all purring.
 
Fffprrr, Frank arrives. Luckily, we're fighting when the Bronco pulls up.
 
I help Frank hitch the Corolla to the Bronco with several wraps of a long extension cord...was this the only thing he could come up with? Was he ropeless? Whatever. The problem here was compounded by the fact that Frank had brought Fran and brother Bo with him as well. So, with dad and mom and Peepers in the front and me and Bo in the back, we headed down to the Florida. Rocket the cat got to ride with us in the back, too. It was a wee bittle breezy, since the Bronco's cab had been removed...apparently, with a hacksaw. Me and Bo bore the dusty wind like men, but Rocket bore it like a cat. Which is to say, clawing into my chest for dearest life. The cat does not, at this point, purr.
 
Several hours later, the Corolla-towing Bonco pulls into the gravel lot at the farm on Captain Fritz Road in Ebro, in the crotchpit of the panhandle. I could almost smell Louisiana from there. Oh, haha...I call some of my online friends my "e-bros". <<<
 
As soon as we get out the truck, Rocket tears off into the night. My flesh was still wet on her claws, no doubt.
 
Damn, I'm thinking maybe I should turn the rest of this story into Bent 'N' Dent Scene three. It's late and I have to work at six. But you wouldn't like that, would you? No, I'll finish the story. I'll have to make myself a Red Bull Mimosa to get through the workday, and hope my date cancels again tomorrow night so I can sleep, but I'll finish the story anyway. One thing though: I hope you'll make it worth my while. The coffee and cigarettes are taking years off my life, no doubt. You readers are stealing my life, you realize this, don't you? Okay truth be told, I guess I'm giving it willingly. But tell me what you think of this story and I'll be encouraged to write another one in a week or two. And next time, there will be pirates! Pirates and rock climbing. Pirates and rock climbing and flesh hooks. Oh my, that sounds nice now doesn't it? <<<Minnesota accent. Taste it.
 
Yessssss. I can't wait. But first let's get this Bent 'N' Dent shite out the way. No more northron crap. We's in the deep south. Continuing...
 
Bent 'N' Dent, (the store not the story) was so called for a very good reason. It was a store that bought dented cans and crushed boxes from other stores, then re-sold them at lower prices. This is pure panhandle genius. Oh, the insight. Oh, the humanity.
 
The store was on the farm property, facing Captain Fritz Road, right in front of a soybean field with a muddy pond in its middle. I got a look at the store late that night because there was no other place for me and Peepers to do our thing in private. So we did our thing in the store. And we did our thing for the last time, it would turn out. Now, since this was to be the last time, let me describe it a bit. That wouldn't be too gratuitous, would it? I went down on her on the cool tile floor. The aisles were lined with cans, some with labels, some unlabelled. It's more surprising that way. I brushed my lips against her bellybutton peach fuzz and tasted her skin, mildly salty. Kissing down the valley of her hip, I teased with fingers and tongue. I'm rushing the story, but I wasn't rushing at the time. Now I was breathing warmly on her--well, how shall I put this? When I was in elementary school, we would have called it her 'butterfly'. I kissed her there. Gentle licks, slowly over a long time, building and receeding, and building again but stopping short of climax. Each time she thrust her hips upwards, and my jaw with them, out of the corner of my eye I caught glimpses of things. Lick, thrust. Ramen noodles. Lick, thrust. Spaghetti O's. Lick, thrust. Cajun boiled peanuts. Lick lick lick. Thrust...I slid my body up over her and slid myself into her. But I didn't move. Not yet. I just held her still to savor the fullness inside until she couldn't stand it any longer and she rolled over on top of me and rhythmically rode, raging and roaring to orgasm.
 
Gee, only one paragraph? I could have written more. But this isn't pornography, goddamnit. Sure, I thought it was pornography at the time, but I found out I was wrong. In fact, I found out graphically the next day at the cookout that this story was most definitely NOT a pornographic story.
 
It started by the pig patch (shut up, I'm cityfolk). I was observing the swine and brother Bo was manhandling them. Frank--dad, I guess--strode up alongside me, carrying a shotgun and some other big metal thingy. "Hmmm, what's Bo doing?" I asked, innocently.
 
Dad told me to watch and pay attention. He lifted the metal thing, which looked like a very very large pair of forceps or something of that sort. They had a rubber donut on their end, no bigger than my thumb with an opening the size of a dime. Brother Bo held a pig in a headlock and dad operated the forceps. They stretched the rubber donut out big enough to go all the way around the pig's scrotum. And pig balls are huge, let me tell you. They looked like elongated softballs, and before I could get a grasp on what was happening, dad released the forceps and the rubber donut snapped around the poor piggy's nuts and the pig went wee wee wee all the way home. Well, not home, more like in circles around the pig patch. I'm not sqeamish, but seeing any male, human or otherwise, having his scrotum pinched through an opening the size of a dime was enough to make me light-headed and heavy-stomached.
 
"They'll fall off in a week or two," said dad. Then he said, "I'll do that to you if you get on my bad side." Me: blink blink. Frank: "Time to get this cookout started." I stared at the forceps, or whatever they were. I was shaking. At least the swine abuse was over.
 
Dad pointed at the remaining three pigs. He told me Peepers had named them last time she was down this way. "That one's called Skinny, the one in the middle is Cosby, and that one there's Jello," he said. "Which one should we roast today?"
 
I didn't know if there was a right answer to this question, but I said, "Um...Jello I guess."
 
He told me to cover my ears, then put the shotgun barrel to the pig's head and BAM! Cosby and Skinny wasted no time in feasting on their fallen comrade's brains. Yes, I write fiction. No, I am not making this up. Sorry for the gore, but that's the way it happened.
 
"Pigs'll eat anything," said Bo, chuckling.
 
Thus, I decided then there that I had had enough of panhandle culture. When dinner came around, I ate Jello with the rest of the family--whom I affectionately know as Peepers' peeps. Um...and the extended family, aunts and uncles and cousins eating stale Peeps from Bent 'N' Dent. (Peepers' peeps' Peeps?) And...um, neighbors, members of the greater Ebro business council, golfing friends, shrimp gumbo, shrimp scampi, jumbo fried shrimp... Well damn, it was a regular wedding party.
 
Aw, shit. I was in deep, I thought.
 
So, after dinner, coffee, Busch Light, introductions I tried hard not to remember, dirty plump kids, et cetera, I found myself in the night with a girl I barely knew and a family that scared the shit out of me. I curled up with Peepers in bed and said, "I'm not so sure about this marriage thing." I could hear a cat yowling in the night.
 
"What?" She was hurt, and I could tell by the quiver in her voice that her heart was starting to develop tears. Well, the eye where she kept her heart, anyway. "I have to talk to daddy," she said. :-o
 
Ugh. "Well," I said, "I'm not sure, I'm just thinking out loud." Lying out loud, perhaps? I told her we'd talk about it in the morning and I lay there awake until daybreak, having no intentionnerz of talking about anything in the m'nmorning. I said to myself, "Self, this is too serious a moment for wordplay, damnit!" So, in the earliest dayzzle'light, without a hint of intentional mis-spelling, when the house was quiet except for a cat yowling in the morning sun, I slid out of Peeperses armses and dressed m'selfses and opened the screen door from the smoke-stained k'knitchen. 
 
Rocket was there at the door, yowling in the morning sun, and she rubbed against my legs. I picked her up and carried her to State Route 79, sticking out my thumb. Kitty purred purringly. I looked over my shoulder, praying not to see a Bronco. It took an hour-ish, but finally I got picked up by a trucker truckin shelly concrete--Coquino!--from Panama Beach City to Louisville.
 
Three Hondas and a Buick later, I got back to Columbus comfortably, sleeping in the passenger seat of an '83 La Sabre, not dreaming of a damne thing, thank god. The last driver shook my shoulder as we entered the city, asking me where I wanted dropped off. I didn't have an apartment anymore, so I told him to take me to the piercing studio.
 
The guy behind the counter was the one with the sea-mine eyes and antennae and facial tats. I didn't know his name, but I did know the guy in front of the counter. It was daddy.
 
"I'll rip that stupid ring right out of your nose," he shouted.
 
"You know this guy?" asked sea-mine eyes.
 
I dropped the cat and said to daddy, calmly as I could, "Wait," then he popped me in the nose. Sea-mine chased daddy out with a baseball bat, then shouted in the back for somebody to get a towel.
 
"That was Peepers' dad," I said. Only I didn't call her Peepers...but you knew that.
 
An lavender-headed girl in pigtails came out and rushed a towel to my bloody nose, "Aww poor thing," she said, genuinely concerned. And genuinely adorable.
 
The guy with sea-mine eyes asked me, "Do you know the new girl...?"
 
 
The End.

So, that's it. We end where we started. 
 
Survey Question: In the next story, should I have... More sex? Less sex? *Better* sex? Remember, I want you to actually FINISH the stories! Oh, and public comments are much better than private messages. Unless you have a REALLY personal message anyway.

Alrighty, love and lube boys and girls...til next time.

Ffffpprrrr,

-Nathan

<<<END OF STORY / BEGINING OF NEXT>>>
 
 
TITLE: The Hellfire Pigeon
(c) 2011 by Nathan McKnight
A story in 8 scenes.

Scene 1. HELLFIRE

"Hellfire!"
      That's what Pa had called it. I dropped the jar, shaking my finger in the air. It didn't hurt really; just a little sting. But it startled me enough to make me jump. I looked down. It wasn't broken, but I was dumbfounded for a second. 
      Then I picked up the glass-and-metal contraption from the ground and started rubbing my wool sweater on the rod that stuck through the thick cork. I?d nearly broken it, but this time when the snap! and the light pricked my finger, I didn't drop it. I was giddy. If Pa hadn't told me the story about finding the hellfire jar, I wouldn't know what it was, let alone what to do with it. 
      But this...well, this had potential. 
* * *
      "Hellfire!" Pa coughed, "That's what Gramps called it," Pa had said when I was a kid. "Him and Uncle Topher went out beagling like usual, and they took me and Pauli along with. That was before we started horsing. Every week, they?d send out the terriers to sniff out fox, with the beagles following them up, and me and Pauli on the little horses and Gramps and Topher on a double." 
      "Why didn't you all ride on a quad or an ostrichpillar?" I asked.
      "Naw Junior?that's what Pa called me when I was little?quads were too expensive back then, and there weren't no such things as ostrichpillars til I musta been, ohhh, twenty-fiveabouts. This was a good coupla years before Kennedy ended slavery, so even if we could afford that kind of thing, the Martinses wouldn'ta let us use them." Father took a wheezy breath and went on: "Anyway, there we were when the forward terriers caught a wiff of fox. They froze and started yippin, and the back terriers took off down a hole. You ain't never seen a foxhunt, so you won't know what that's like--I should send you over to the Johnses to learn--"
      I remember having rolled my eyes. Father was always trying to get me into the things he loved as a child. Foxing, birding... But beagling was for farmers. 
      "No way, Pops," I had said, "I?m a city boy. I was made for horsing." 
      Father had laughed and I sat forward on the edge of my seat.
      "True that, true that," said father. "Well, anyway, them terriers, they all went down a hole. All down the same hole. That's how we knew something strange was going on. A foxhole's a little thing, son. I only got to go a couple times before we stopped the hunts, but even so, I knew enough foxholes to recognize you couldn't fit twelve of any kind of hound down one burrow. Turns out, it wasn't no burrow."  
      "What was it?" I asked.
      "If I tell you," he said, "you have to keep it secret."
* * *
Scene 2. THE ROCK
      After school, the day after I found the jar, Brian caught up to me at the postal coop when I was rolling my transcripts. I had applied for every damn college in riding distance, but hadn't heard back from a single one of them. I was starting to get desperate. 
	"No pigeons for you again, huh?" Brian brushed his fingers through wild red hair. He knew me too well.
      I slid my transcripts into a tube and turned to the closest roadrunner. "Thirty-five cent," it squawked. Must?ve been a slow learner.
	I handed over thirty-seven cents and it snatched the tube from my hands before disappearing into the coop. 
	"Dude, I?m scared," I said to Brian. "Fifteen schools, no response."
	"That's because you applied for a bunch of out-of-state schools, didn't you?" said Brian.
	"Uh--yeah," I lied.
	"So, don't worry about it. Pigeons only fly so fast." 
	"Easy for you to say, you got into MID." 
      The Massachusetts Institute of Domestication was the top school in the country for breed/train majors. 
      "Get your mind off it," he said, "Me and Courtney are going to head out to the Rock tonight. Want to come?"
      "Naw, I?d be the fifth leg."
      "Courtney's friends with Ella, you know."
      "Ella?" I could feel my face warm. "Can you get her to come out with us?"
      "I can ask." 
      "Isn't she going out with...Lester McCoy?" I practically growled his name. I had an instant crush on Ella the first day of freshman year, but I learned right away that she was already going out with another boy, and I had spent every day since developing a deep loathing for Lester McCoy, who had beaten me to beautiful Ella. 
      "That was freshman year. I don't think she's going out with no one anymore."
	 
	I had to go back home to tell Pa I was spending the night at Brian's--and, of course, to stash the hellfire jar in my bag. No way I wasn't going to show this baby off tonight.
	I?d found the jar in Pa's study desk drawer, behind a stack of Cuban cigar boxes. Blackish grime formed a crust between the metal foil inside and the bubbly old glass outside. I had to look at it for a couple of minutes before I recognized it as the hellfire jar Pa had described, but I took it outside and, after having struck myself a couple times with the tiny lightning bolts, I took it to Brian's house. 
       
      "You decided to come, huh?" asked Brian. "We were about ready to leave without you," he said, indicating himself, Courtney, and a gawky girl in a denim skirt with puppy dog eyes. Ella. She made the hair on my arms stand up. 
      The Rock was a big gray slab of lichen-and-graffiti-covered stone jutting out of the ground in the woods up on Brink's Hill. It was about big enough to sit three people on top, and about high enough that you could break your ankle if you jumped off the top of it. There wouldn't have been anything special about it, except that who-knows-how-many generations of hot and bothered teenagers had projected their collective lust for life upon it. The overhanging side was carved with a couple hundred years? worth of ?Jason & Traylene? and ?McCreary 1842? and even one ?Don Noll + Raquel Quinn Francine Quinn?. On the overhanging side, there was a jutting natural bench, worn into a shallow saddle by generations of teenagers' behinds.  
      
      "I heard you and Lester wasn't going out anymore," I said to Ella on the way up the hill.
      "What's it to you?" she said. 
      We didn't say nothing else the entire rest of the walk, but we walked next to each other since Brian and Courtney spent the whole hike whispering, hand-in-hand. 
      When we finally got to the Rock, we were bathed in moonlight. Everything looked ashen.
      Brian started building a fire, and I couldn't wait to show off for the girls. 
      "Watch this," I said to Courtney.
      I rubbed the jar's metal rod on my sweater and snapped Brian's ass with it. He jumped right over the woodpile he?d been building, kicking it all over the place. 
      "What the hell was that?" he shouted.
      "Promise you won't tell."
      "I ain't promising nothing," he said.
      "Promise," I said, "or I'm not telling you."
      He snarled, but curiosity got the better of him, and I told the story of finding the jar in Pa's study, and repeated back Pa's story of finding the hellfire lab as best I could remember it. 
      
      By the time Brian had finished making his fire, it was pitch dark, and I had managed to squeeze my way between Courtney and Ella on the rock bench. He kept his eye on me, and I kept the jar on my lap, anticipating a well-deserved revenge. 
      Him and Ella disappeared behind the rock after a while, Brian making some excuse about "having to show her something" that sounded dirtier than telling the truth.
      Me and Ella talked quietly and stared at the fire, and so slow that I didn't realize it was happening, she nudged her body against mine. 
      I lifted the hellfire jar from my lap and sat it on the ground, and I felt naked, jittery, alive. I put my arm around Ella and gave her a kiss on the cheek.
      The smell of Ella's skin was fresh and soapy with a hint of sweat, and her knobby knees quivered every time I put a hand on one. Eventually, she nuzzled my neck and after a long, comfortable cuddle, we were making out. 
      
      When Brian finally got the better of me, I was lip-locked with Ella. He must have rubbed that jar good, because I felt the jolt in my back, and it jumped right through my thoroughly-wetted lips to Ella's. She screamed and stumbled off the rock bench. 
      When I got to my feet, I knocked Brian down and got the jar from him, and I felt a sense of accomplishment only long enough to turn back and see Ella scramble to her feet in the leaf litter, and look back in terror one time before darting off into the woods. I started after her, but she was gone and I standing alone in the dark, the cold of the rock bench still stinging my behind.
* * *
       "Way back when," Pa?d said, "back in the colonial days, there was this , this...cult. A cult of?" he struggled for a word "?a cult of witches, you know? You know...natur'lists?" he stumbled over the word. 
      I laughed out loud. I only ever heard that word in campfire stories. It went way back in the local lore, but to hear it said seriously like that, well, for a moment I thought all this talk was gonna build up into a regular ghost story. That would be like Pa. 
      But this time, he was dead serious. 
      "Nobody believes in naturalists," I had said after some consideration. 
      "That's what I used to think," said Pa, "before I went down that foxhole. But me and Topher, well, you wouldn't believe what we saw down there. Strange things. Things with spinning wheels and gilt scrollwork and if you touched a thing, it sent lightning right into your body. I never seen anything like it before or since."
      "What did you do?" I?d asked.
      "Well, me, I just gawked. But Topher picked up some jar. A queer thing, like a coffee pot lined with silver foil. He played like it was a genie's lamp, and you wouldn't believe it! Confounded thing stuck me with lightning! Well, the foxhounds sniffed all around, and one of them got burnt real bad right on his ear, and mixed with the burning hair smell, there was something else strange. Like the lightning had a queer smell of its own. About then, Gramps came cussin into the foxhole, shouting ?Hellfire! Get you boys out of here. This here's a hellfire lab?ratory!?"
      "A hellf?" I started, but Pa had shushed me with a knock of his cane?and I?ve still never said that word aloud either.
      "Don't even say it," he?d said. "Forget I even told you the word. Gramps woulda beat the dickens out of me if he?d heard me say it." 
      "But I don't get it," I said.
      "Best that way; don't you even worry about it. Point is, those stories?they?re true. So. So, you go to church and steer clear of anything queer."
      "But what did you do about the foxhole?"
      "Pa sold the land, put an end to the foxhunts. That's when we went into horsing. Best thing that ever happened to us."
      "Yeah, but what about all the hel?um, the strange things? Did you keep them?"
      "Of course not!" spat Pa. "What would we do a thing like that for? No, Gramps told the authorities but who?d believe a bunch of superstitious negroes?" 
      "So the...laboratory...is still out there?"
      "Probably all washed in by now," he said.
      "What about the?" I wasn't sure if I should say the word, "?the naturalists?"
      "Never saw them. For all I know, they?re still out there somewhere. Though, if I know Gramps, he kept a close eye on that place for a long time after that queer foxhunt."
* * *
      That day, I kept an eye out for Ella, but she didn't stop at her locker. In first period, a hall monitor dropped off a note to Mrs. Emmelheinz. Telling me to report to the office. Brian threw a wad of paper at me on the way out the door, and I played it off, but to tell the truth, I was pretty nervous. 
	I sat down beside the principal's office?Mr. Thresher was on the pipe, shouting into the funnel at the front desk, but he waved me in, so I got up off the bench and sat down again at the chair in front of his desk. It felt strange to get to sit in a grown-up chair only to be disciplined?I assumed'like a kid. I figured Ella's ma had complained and I was going to get a talking-to. They wouldn't suspend me for scaring Ella on accident, but even though it wasn't my fault at all, I was going to get an earful. Although, I worried, it was possible the hellfire jar might be something else entirely. Naw, I thought, Ella probably wouldn't have known what had happened. If I had never come across the notion of a hellfire jar, in all the books I?ve read, she wouldn't have known what hit her. I wished I could?ve explained it to her though.
	I snapped out of it when Mr. Thresher stopped his shouting into the tube. 
	"Kelly Barnett," said Mr. Thresher. He was a black man, almost as dark as me, but scrawny with a thin veneer of oiled hair and a pencil-lined moustache. 
	"Yes sir?" 
	"I have good news for you," he said.
	I was genuinely shocked. Was that sarcasm? All I could do by way of response was to cough politely.
	He pulled out a pigeon tube from his desk drawer, and handed it over. I noticed that the silver seal had already been broken, but I took it and unscrewed the metal endcap. 

"Dear Kelly G. Barnett," started the letter, "We are happy to inform you that your application to Ohio Agricultual University has been accepted..." it said.
	
	I was shocked, hopeful, overjoyed, terrified, and disappointed all at the same time. Ag U didn't have the same ring to it as Institute of Domestication. 
      But I was accepted! I was going to be moving off the farm! I didn't even know how to envision living somewhere else. 
	"Let me know if you need a letter of recommendation to get into any of the classes you want," said Mr. Thresher, "You?ve been a great student. You?re bound to do great things," he said. 
	I nodded, and he added with a glimmering smile, "You should go back to class and tell your friends now."
	 
	In fifth period, almost last period, another roadrunner-bourn scroll came into Mr. Ooten's class. As it happened, Brian was in my same class again, and he raised is eyebrows. 
      "Another one?" he mouthed.
	 
	Only, this time, it wasn't a college acceptance. 
	"Mr. Barnett," said Willa, the secretary, "your father is here to pick you up."
	I was at least as startled as I had been when I opened my acceptance letter. Pa had never even been to the school as far as I knew. 
	 
	Pa wasn't happy with me. As soon as we got out front of the school, he stopped and turned on me. 
	"What in hell were you doing up at the Rock?" he was shaking. I could see his nose hairs bristling with the force of his breath.
	 Fifth period had just ended, and clutches of kids were crossing the courtyard, heading hopefully and exhausted, to last period, and when, without waiting for an explanation, Pa knocked me down with a heavy fist thudding hard on my neck, all heads turned. 
	I writhed, feet on the sidewalk, head in the grass. Pa took me by the wrist and lifted me into the air like a five-year-old, my legs flopping limp on the ground. He started wailing on my back, my butt, my legs. Over and over?thud, slap, thwack?until I was limp as a ragweed tassel. 
	Then Pa was gone, and the students were gone, and I lay alone with the breeze. As the last bell rang, Mr. Thresher came out with a wet cloth and toweled me off, helped me to my feet. We walked slowly together to my horse, the school's-out crowd dissipating over the course of our arduous walk to the hitching lot. Thresher helped me on my steed, and I rode him slowly home, my bones aching with each cantoring step.
	When I got home, Pa was waiting on the veranda, rocking in his old chair. 
	"Sorry I had to do that," he said resolutely. I nodded and he went on. "Tomorrow, we?re going to church." 
	I nodded again and went to my room, curling up in bed and crying myself to sleep. 
	 
Scene 3. FRANKLIN?S MONSTER
	From then on out, we went to church on Saturday afternoons and on Sunday mornings, and sometimes on Wednesday nights. Pa had made me apologize to Ella's parents in church the next day. Ella wasn't there, and I don't think her Ma and Pa knew what I was apologizing for.
      The kids at school didn't know what had precipitated the beating either. But after a period of whispers and furtive glances, I actually started making friends. Kids would ask me things about myself, comment on my steed, invite me to hang out, even go to parties. Eventually, almost effortlessly, I found myself with a real circle of friends. 
	I still hung out with Brian now and then, but he and Courtney were spending more and more time together?in part, I think, because of an unspoken acknowledgement that they?d have to get a lot of nookie in before college forced them apart.  
	Ella had made herself scarce, both around school and in church, and I didn't know what to do about it except to shove my face into my pillow every night until I faded out in a blur of linen and drool and slow-leaked tears.
      Through the last months of high school, I worked the stables quietly and tenaciously, and my OAU enrollment forms piled up by the farmhouse's mail slot. I let them pile up after graduation, and they kept sending me mail almost weekly until well into the next year. After that, the flow of encouraging words in perfect office-workers? penmanship slowed to a trickle. 
      I hadn't realized it at the time, but the letters Brian wrote me from MID were lost in that pile too. I shoveled the mail into the magazine rack by Pa's recliner in the parlor, until one day, two years later. 
	Pa?d been in and out of the hospital all my life, with asthma, diabetes, gout. It wasn't anything special this time, just a vague discomfort in his side. I rode him in on my old steed, as usual, and walked him up to where they listened to his heart and palpated his abdomen and felt the bumps on his head, as usual. 
	The doctor said he didn't think it was serious, but he wanted to monitor Pa overnight to be safe. 
	 
	I used the opportunity to get some cleaning done around the house. Pa never let me throw anything away, but I figured I could at least thin out the piles a little without him noticing. 
	In the magazine rack, among the neatly written addresses from OAU, one envelope stood out. It was casually, and accurately addressed to Kelly B. instead of the usual Kelly G. Barnett, and the handwriting wasn't quite as neat as the others. Probably written by a newbie. When I saw that the corner was post-pecked Cambridge, Mass, I felt a flood of fear. For some reason, I thought something bad must have happened to Brian. 
	But no, it was a friendly check-in. Brian talked about the dorms and how he missed Courtney, and about the freshman classes he took?he hadn't started his breed/train classes yet, but he was excited about being high on the waitlist for some famous professor I?d never heard of. The letter was dated over a year and a half ago.
	I smiled through all three pages, and I even sat down to write a response, but I found myself with nothing to talk about, and poor penmanship to boot. I put the letter aside and told myself I?d work on it later. 
	 
	I went to church that night to pray for Pa, and Ella was there, feeding the candlemunks in the abbey. I hurried past her and squeezed into the front pew as services were starting. 
	I didn't think she noticed me, and I started to thank God for that, but then I saw her in her skorts and sandals standing right in front of me.
	"Evening Mrs. Baum," she said.
	I looked up, startled. And she smiled back.
	"Evening," said the elderly lady sitting next to me.
	"I hate to ask you to give up your seat," said Ella in the sweetest tone, "but--"
	"No need to make excuses," said the old lady with a twinkle in her eye as she surrendered her seat to Ella.
	Ella sat, and turned as if to say something, but the organ sung out, the voicedove cooed and sung a long lonely tune, and the congregation went quiet. 
	It was a typical sermon, the kind you can let your mind wander through, occasionally coming back for a nugget of inspiration, but all I could do was try to keep my eyes forward the whole time, and my thighs tight together to avoid brushing Ella's leg. 
	We sang together, prayed together, stood and sat, stood and sat, stood and sat again, and when the organ piped up again, and I tried to get up and run, but as soon as everybody started talking and leaving, Ella put her hand on my knee and turned to me. I about jumped out of my skin. 
	"I wanted to apologize to you," she said.
	I just went "Oh, well, uh..." like a fool. 
      "I told my Pa you tried to touch me wrong, and I know it was wrong of me to do that, but I couldn't say I?d been touched by witchcraft. Anyway, I? glad to see you in church."
      "Oh God," I said.
      "Don't talk that way in church Kelley!"
      She took my arm like I was an invalid who needed to be walked down he aisle, and walked me down the aisle. After we shook the Reverend's hand, Ella led me over to where the candlemunks were folding finery. She put a quarter in the machine, and we split the seed and corn mix between us, half a handful each. 
      "Have you heard about Gerald Fairweather?" She said, as I was dropping a corn kernel into a candlemunk's hopeful little hands. 
      "He's that preacher guy, right?" 
      "He does revivals. I don't want to say anything bad about Reverend Slack, but..." she made a snoring sound, and I chuckled. "You should come."
      "I will," I said. "I will." 
       
	When I rode to pick up Pa at the hospital the next day, I had a sense of dread. It turned out to be well-founded. The doctor said he had stage three liver cancer. 
	Pa's diagnosis was more optimistic. 
      "It's nothing," he said.
	Next day, I rode to Ella's house, to pick her up for Revival. 
	* * *
      "That was funny--kinda for kids--but tell me more about the laboratory," I?d asked Pa.
      Pa had frowned.
      "The hellfire lab? Naw, you don't need to hear any more of those stories."
      "Then tell me more about the foxhunt."
      "Alright," Pa had said. "That I can do."
* * *
Scene 4. WEDDING PRESENTS

	We came back from the wedding reception with a cart full of gifts. Our honeymoon was a long weekend in Gatlinburg and Pigeon Forge. 
	When we got home, Ella took all the gifts back, and brought home a pair of home entertainment monkeys. She knew me too well. 
	She smiled and hugged me while I flipped through the scripts. Every schoolkid knows forced mutation breeding is what allows the wonders of breeding, but call me old, because the pace of progress seems to be picking up more and more. It's unbelievable. The two monkeys took the specially-designed scripts and pantomimed everything from Shakespeare to stand-up comedy. Their voices were squeaky and tinny, but they were funny. 
       
	"I saw Courtney in the mall this morning," said Ella.
	"Oh? How's she doing?" 
	"Good, good. We didn't really talk. But she says Brian's coming home for a visit next month." 
	Pa coughed and sat up in his recliner. 
	"You should pigeon him and invite him over for dinner," said Ella.
	 
	"Why don't we start going back to revival?" asked Ella. "We could go tomorrow night?Brian, you could come too."
	Brian made a noncommittal head wag, and I said, "That's a good idea. I don't know about tomorrow, but I think we'll get around to that again soon." 

	After dinner, we retired to the parlor.
	"My comparative religions professor, he has a theory of universal religion," said Brian. "He had us read this book, have you heard of it?"

	Brian pulled a printed book out of his pack. It had gilt lettering on the cover.

	Franklin's Monster; or: the failed Prometheus.

	"What's it about?" I asked.
	"You gotta read it."
      I flipped through the yellowed pages. Although there were a few archaic words like Genavese, plenty of shalls, except for one word I didn't recognize--electricity--the language wasn't too obscure to understand. I was intrigued, and I almost sat down to read it right there. 
      "Oh, and while I?m thinking about it," said Brian, "Here's another book you should read."
	He handed over a fat book called A Secular History of the United States. 
	"Okay, I'll read them," I said, setting both books aside. 
	"You'll be blown away," said Brian.
	"How's that?" I asked.
	"Everything you know about history, about the government, the church. It's all wrong. Oh!" he said, "I?ve got another one for you too!"
	He started reaching into his pack, but I stopped him.
	"I?m a slow reader," I said. 
	"Haha. Okay," said Brian. "Another time. I wish I could stick around longer. I didn't even get to talk to Ella."
	"That's cause you were busy talking my ears off," I said with a chuckle.
	"True that," he said. 
	 
	It was a few months later, Ella mentioned seeing Courtney in the farmers? market. 
	"She was knocked up, I could tell. And she ain't been seeing nobody, not as far as anyone knows." 
	I snorted and 
	Ella asked about going to revival again, and I said "Naw, I?m tired. Maybe next week."
	"That's okay I suppose," she said, "but you wouldn't mind if I go on my own, would you?"
	"Sure, baby, sure," I said. 
	 
Scene 5. PATRIOTS 
	Me and Brian kept in touch by pigeon for a while, and he kept asking if I?d gotten around to reading those books. I hadn't, and I felt bad lying but I wrote that I?d read the Franklin one and that it was pretty good. I was planning to send out the letter that day, but with the mite blight that summer, service was grounded for some time, and I never got around to sending it.
	Never got around to going back to revival either. Turns out, her and Lester McCoy was having a Revival of their own. 
	 
	"You have to go," I said.
	"Nothing happened," she insisted.
	"I saw you and Lester sitting side by side at the revival. I know I said I wasn't going to come, but I decided to do it anyway...for you." 
	"He was the only one I knew there. We used to be friends, I don't think we should have to stay away from each other just because we used to date in high school. That was years ago!"
	She put her hands on mine, but I shook them off. 
	"Every Thursday night," I said, shaking my head. I felt so stupid.
	"Please, I didn't know how much it would upset you. I'll never go again."
      "You have to go," I said. 
      "What?"
      "I mean, you have to leave here. Now. Get out."
      She was sobbing, and I was too, but she packed a small bag, and made for the door.
      "Where are you going to go?"
      "My Ma's, I guess," she said, propping the door with her body. She looked at me with those puppy dog eyes, and said "Can I take the mule?"
      "Take a crackerhorse," I said. 
      It would've taken two days to get to her mother's house on the old mule. At least on a cracker, she wouldn't have to overnight.
      I helped her tack up, and gestured at a wave when she gave me a last look from the end of the drive.
	 
	Ella was gone, and everything I did made me feel incrementally more hollow, a crumpled Christmas pumpkin. 
	I rode my old steed around town, staring at the pigeon traffic, wondering where they were all going. It had been a hot summer, and the gutter dogs were lazy. The town was penetrated through with the smell of trash. It all felt wrong.
	I spent a couple of days on the farm, trying not to wonder where Ella was staying. 
	Three nights on the farm. Three nights alone. 
	After a while, I gave the horses to pasture, littered plenty of extra straw, left pay enough for the hands, and a note to check up on the place twice a week, packed my steed, and headed north. 
	 
	The steed was out of shape, so I only made about fifty miles a day, but that's exactly what I needed. Along the way, I passed a family on an ostrichpillar and an old couple riding an enormous Hofstadter Quad tricked out as a double, and a smaller crackerhorse gang. The herds of pineywoods dotted the rolling hills. 
	 
	"There was a young man," Pa said. "He was riding alone from Cleveland to Cincinnati--this was back before big endurance horses, so everything was staged out. In those days, crackers were all the rage. Fastest things on the road. You could easily make a hundred and fifty miles a day, staged. The only trouble is, this was when forced mutation breeding was new, and sometimes undesirable traits would show up in the animals. 
	"Well, this young man was making good time, and he decided to push a few more hours to finish the last leg of his journey. It was well beyond sunset when the cracker cast a shoe. They were powerful devils, reliable as hell, but they broke shoes left and right. So, he limped his horse into a deserted tack station outside Springboro.
      Nobody was around, but she saw somebody had carelessly left the stables unlocked, so she hitched her cracker, slid more than enough cash under the window plank to cover trade and tack, and quietly stole away into the stable. By the light of the full moon, she selected a fine-looking new mount. She quietly led him out of the stable, but when she went to lock the stable back up, she noticed it hadn't been left unlocked by accident--it had been forced.
      "Fearing horse thieves, he saddled as fast as possible, but before he was finished, he was startled by a hand on her shoulder. He turned and saw a huge, hulking man, with a strange, frightening face. He turned and struggled to get on the horse quickly. The strange man grabbed his ankle, but just when he thought he was caught by the horse thief, the cracker took off.  
      "Relieved to have gotten away safely, he continued on his way to Cincinnati.
      "Almost a week later, he still hadn't arrived, and his family was getting worried, so they sent word to all the tack stations asking if anybody had seen the young man. Within a few days, they got a letter from the Springboro station manager describing how his deaf night watchman tried to warn a young man not to take their newest cracker, on account of its breeding. The horse had a history of throwing its riders and attacking them.
      "Worried for their boy's life, the family sent out as big a search party as they could muster. It took them weeks, but they finally found the body...almost a hundred miles away, drowned in a watering hole deep in the woods. His face was covered with wounds that looked like suspiciously like horse bites."
      Suddenly, Pa grabbed my shoulders, and I shrieked and about jumped out of my skin. 
      When I calmed down, Pa whispered, "Some say, the wild cracker of Springboro is still wandering the hills of southern Ohio to this day."  
	 
	I hitched my steed and, pigeon tube in hand, wandered through the college town. 
	I pulled the string for Brian's room in Bexley Hall, and a young voice came from the tube. 
	Turned out Brian was TAing a class, but the roommate let me in to wait. The little dorm living room was covered in stacks of papers and pizza boxes. They had a named monkey?Berkowitz?that was trained to fetch beer from the ice house across the street. 
	 
	I must?ve passed out on the sofa, and when I woke up, the windows were dusk-dim. Muffled sounds from students romping in adjoining rooms made the quiet of Brian's room all the more stark. 
	"Hello?" I said timidly.
	I knocked on one of the doors, and when nobody answered, I peeked in. It was dark, but I could make out on a bookshelf, the familiar cylindrical hellfire jar I remembered. I threw the door wide, and crossed the room, tripping on the mattress on the floor. But when I put my hands on the jar, tears welled in my eyes. I don't know why.
	Almost reverently, I rubbed the metal rod on the wool of my boots? lining. For some reason, it surprised me that it still worked. I shook the pain out of my struck finger. 
	"Hello?" I heard a voice from behind me. "Dude, what are you doing in my room?"
	"Sorry," I said.
	"Kelly?" 
	"Brian?"
	He lit a candle and gave me a hug and I didn't know what to say. 
	 
	It turned out, that day when I walked out into the woods, past the fields where the packs of feral dysplasics slithered, Brian had followed me into the woods and when I?d thrown the hellfire jar into a weedpatch, Brian had fetched it, kept it, cherished it.
	"You wouldn't believe it, Kelly," he said, "but this thing's been my hobby since I enrolled. I?ve tried to learn everything I could about it." 
	I shook my head in disbelief, but I listened, with growing apprehension. 
	"The library here is amazing; I'll have to show it to you sometime, but I?ve been rooting through it, and Franklin's Monster...that's the tip of the iceberg." 
	"The book," I said.
	"Yeah, I figured you hadn't read it. But have you heard the story?" He asked, and shrugged when I shook my head. "Well, you know the old campfire story about the guy who sewed together dead bodies and rose the dead with a prayer? Franklin's monster was basically the same thing, only in the book, he used lightning to envigorate the monster."
	I laughed in spite of myself. This talk of hellfire made me feel like I?d crossed some kind of line, somehow made my post-Ella life concrete. Beyond salvation. 
	"But, but, here's the thing..." sputtered Brian, "it was real!"
	Suddenly, all the apprehension that had been building erupted inside me. I almost shouted out at him, No, no, Brian, who are you? I felt then that my last attachment to my old life was gone. Beyond Ella, beyond my childhood friend. No connections left. Only the thought of Pa sitting in his recliner, watching the sunset felt right anymore. 
	I checked myself, and in what I gauged to be a neutral tone, I said, "How do you mean?"
	"Franklin was real, basically just like the novel. He lived in the colonies, and he really did experiments on the dead."
	"Experiments?" I asked.
	"Yeah, like tests, trying things out, trying to learn new things. That's what the Naturalists were about."
	I couldn't help myself, I blurted, "Bullshit. Naturalists!? You?ve got to be fucking kidding." 
	In the split second before I said it, I thought it sounded humorous, but when the words came out, I could tell I was talking down to him. I think that's when we ceased to be friends.
	"Look," he said, "I?m not going to convince you by telling you, but if you look into it for yourself, you'll be surprised. Benjamin Franklin was real. They don't teach you about it in the history books, but find a drawing of the Declaration of Independence...or go and see the real thing in Washington. His signature is right there." 
	He might have been talking total nonsense, but he seemed sincere, and for a moment I decided to humor him.
	"Alright, so what's this have to do with the jar there?" 
	"Franklin was Scene of a Hellfire Club. Basically, I guess they were sort of private clubs that threw these wild parties and stuff. They were kind of underground, but weren't really much of a secret among the elites back then, and all they really did was party. Some of the members were into natural science too, making devices that used steam, and trying to control electrical fluid?the stuff that lightning's made of."
	He pointed at the h-fire jar, excited. I didn't say anything, so he went on.
      "Well, eventually they started drawing too much attention, and people spoke out against them, and when Franklin revived a dead body using electrical fluid...well, they went underground. He was the only Founding Father executed by the state."
	I?d had enough. I felt lost, disconnected from everyone I ever knew, except Pa. And I decided right then that I had to go home and take care of Pa. I should never have left. I told Brian so, and made for the door, but he spoke up...
	"Wait. Kelly, enough about the jar. I?m sorry. I just get so excited. It's too late to leave tonight. Let me take you out for a drink and forget about everything. I?m so glad you?re here. You'll have to tell me all about your horsing. How's your pa? How's Ella?" 
	I laughed and shook my head, "Alright," I said, "you?ve got a deal. Mind if I crash here for the night?"
	"But of course."
	 
	Eventually, after many drinks, my curiosity about the h-fire got the better of me, and over a mug of dark ale, I leaned over to Brian.
      "So, what do you mean you study electrical fluids?"
      "Shhhh," he said, but he leaned in even closer, and said quietly as could be managed above the bluegrass band, "I'm trying to re-invent electrical hydraulics. I had to design my own major--we're calling it 'American folkloric archaeology'--but really, I study naturalist writings, and sometimes the workings of hellfire equipment. I've even gotten in touch with some modern naturalists. They're still around--and they've made progress! Can you believe it?"
	 
	We stumbled into the old farmhouse, laughing with drink and old stories of high school. We?d both judiciously avoided the subject of Ella. Moonlight barely lit the room, and by it, I saw that a man was awakening from a sofa slumber, and when he stood he towered above both of us. He was only a few years older than me and Brian, late 30s I?d guess, but his eyes were late-night sunken. 
	"Kelley, this is Leo."
	"Sorry we woke you up," I said. 
	He looked at me with raised eyebrows, then said in a craggy voice, "Just taking a nap."
	"It's three in the morning," I said.
	I put out my hand, but he didn't offer his. He just hmphed. 
	"I was wondering if you could show Kelley your work."
	Leo eyed me sidewise, but Brian reassured him that I was cool, and he waved us into the back. Behind a ragged old tapestry of Washington crossing the Delaware, we entered the naturalist's lair. 
	In the pitch dark of the hellfire laboratory, Leo struck a lighter repeatedly, lighting candle after candle. Within minutes, the whole room was aglow in honey-colored light. 
	Along one flower-papered wall, there was a huge butchers? block longer than I am tall, covered over with reproductions of old documents, strange drawings, stacks of books with bindings so cracked you couldn't tell what pages had been read the most. It looked like something you?d expect to be covered in an inch thick layer of mildew and cobwebs, but there wasn't so much as a speck of dust, except high on the walls, where a huge thirteen-starred American flag hung.
	The rest of the room looked like a bizarre smithy, but where there should be horse shoes and tongs, the walls were hung with coils of wire, metal rods and foils, glass bulbs, and dozens of tiny objects that defied description. On stools and tables, on the floor, and on the ledges of painted-over windows, were more objects that I had no names for, things like wheels with handles but no pulleys, metal bricks and coils of wire with springs and copper spider-web tracings all over. 
	"So, you?re a naturalist," I said.
	"We prefer the term patriot," said Leo
	I chuckled at the nonsensical statement. 
      I reached towards one of the contraptions?a wheel with metal tabs all around it and an axle-mounted handle. 
      "Don't touch that! Jesus, buddy. You don't know what you?re messing with." shouted Leo.
      "Sorry!" I yelped.
      "Show him how it works," said Brian.
      Leo sighed, but complied. 
      "See here," he said, "turn the handle quickly but steadily?and for chrissake, don't touch anything else."
      I did as Leo said, watching the spinning copper tabs while he pointed Brian to grab some kind of wand and a rabbit pelt. 
      My arm was already starting to get tired when Brian started rubbing the fur vigorously on the shiny black wand. After thirty seconds or so, he reached out, gingerly waving the rod near the spinning wheel. It made a miniscule crackling sound.
      "Keep spinning," said Leo. "Steady, steady!"
      Suddenly the little crackling was replaced by a loud snapping that popped over and over with every turn of the wheel. I hadn't noticed them before, but two little metal rods stuck up from the base of the wheel, and between them, I saw the source of the snapping. 
      I was making lightning! A tiny bolt jumped across the gap, and the popping snap, I realized was miniature thunder. It was like a tiny little thunderstorm with no clouds or rain...and I was controlling it! When I tired, it slowed, when I sped up, it crackled faster and faster. 
      I didn't know what to think. I was thrilled, I felt...powerful. Somewhere inside, there was a blackening terror, but I think I buried it down, somewhere near the thoughts of Ella that had plagued the whole trip. 
      "You can stop cranking if you want," said Leo.
      "Oh, okay." With a little disappointment, I slowed...pop...pop....pop....pop.....pop......pop......pop.
      When it had stopped, and the wheel circled lazily, I turned to Leo. A huge toothy smile parted his beard. 
	"Want to see something really cool?" he said, with a lopsided grin.
	I nodded slowly, wide-eyed. 
	"A colleague of mine perfected this a few years back?a fellow by the name of Gates?you know him, Brian."
	Brian rolled his eyes. "Oh, him."
	"Yeah, he's a piece of work to be sure, but if you can overlook the attitude and lack of personal hygiene, the guy is a top-notch tinker. Worked the better Scene of a decade on this little baby."
	Leo reverently placed wooden plaque with something attached to it, covered in a spotless natural linen sack. It looked like a little trophy in a ghost costume. When he pulled off the linen, I saw it was one of those glass bulbs. Inside, there was a tiny filament of metal stretched around a set of vertical posts. It looked like a tiny stand of trees with a rope wrapped around it.
	I peered in, trying to make out the details, wondering what its purpose was while Leo and Brian messed around with a bunch of wires. Brian pulled out a mounted bicycle from a large closet, and Leo attached spring-loaded copper clips to the base of the glass bulb.
	Brian got on the bike, and Leo blew out each candle one by one, and soon, we were in darkness once more.
	"Go!" came Leo's call from the shadows. 
	A rhythmic spinning of bicycle chain filled the room, and I saw, astonished, that the wire in the glass was glowing, dim orange at first, but as Brian's now-illuminated face strained with the pedaling, it got brighter and brighter until it was a brilliant white that I couldn't look directly at.
	My heart rattled at its cage. This was magical, mystical, and I felt the presence of God right there in that room, in the glowing light of that little crystal bulb. 
	Right then, the fear came gushing to the surface and I almost cried out as tears came into my eyes. With a loud POP! the light went out, and I stumbled backwards, crouching in a corner, awestruck, trembling with reverent fear. 
	We went back into the parlor, and Leo said, "I?ve got two bottles of Scotch. Should we crack open the peaty Islay or the smooth blended one." 
	Me and Brian both pointed to the blended.
      Leo shrugged, and said, "Won by 3/5ths."
      It didn't sink in what he meant, we all had a shot and I don't remember passing out, but I woke up in the morning feeling profoundly alone in a hostile environment.
      Nobody was up yet, so I got my brogans on, quietly let myself out and walked over to the hitching station. I paid the attendant and saddled up. With my throbbing head, it was going to be a painful ride home. 
	 
	When I got back home, Pa was sitting on the veranda with a cigar and a mint julep. 
	"Ella's in the back," he said, casually.
       
Scene 6. TOPHER?S SHED
      I cooked dinner that night for the first time since Ella and me'd gotten married. It'd slaughtered and roasted a chicken, and I must not have gotten the time right, because it ended up pretty dry. 
      "This is awesome, honey," said Ella. "I can't believe you cooked."
      "Nah, it's a little dry." 
      "Not bad for your first time," she said.
      "I used to cook all the time for Pa. You didn't know that?"
      "You did? I'm surprised."
      "I've had to take care of him in his illnesses all my life. Least I could do. He always took care of me."
      "And now you're doing the same thing, what with me in my condition?" She laughed.
      "Something like that," I said. 
      "Okay, well. I'm going to take a plate in to your Pa. Want to pour us a little wine?"
      "Will do," I said, "but just a little. What with--your condition." 
      I put my arm around her and whispered, "Sorry about all that nonsense. I missed you."
      "Missed you too," she said. 
       
      It was a few months later, and the summers had been ludicrously hot lately...the newspapers said it was most likely the livestock flatus from breeders, but the breeders? lobbies protested loudly?that we got pigeoned by the coroner. Uncle Topher had died in his house in Crooksville. The examiner determined he?d had a heat stroke. He?d probably lain there for two weeks before anybody had noticed he wasn't checking his pigeon box. 
      A post script to the coroner's letter mentioned there was some cleanup the family would want to undertake at the residence.
      Turned out, the "cleanup" was a whole garage full hellfire devices. Topher had passed away on the bench in a locked outbuilding that had to be pried open by the constable to retrieve the body. He?d been working on some sort of electrical fluid engine. 
      There were reams of correspondence with other?I guess they were "naturalists". 
      Me and Pa burned them all, but on account of Pa's health and Ella being about ready to burst with my baby any day now, neither one of us had the time to clean out the shed. So, we locked it up tight and put it out of our minds as best we could.
       
      For the baby shower, Ella invited all the nearest neighbors over for dinner, but only Courtney showed up, along with her son, Oscar.  
      Oscar was only six weeks old, but his hair was wild and his blue eyes shone bright. Neither me nor Ella encouraged Courtney to talk about Brian, and she didn't volunteer, so that night, I penned a letter to Brian and pigeoned it the next day. 
	I never received a response, but I hoped I might have encouraged Brian to get in touch with Courtney again. 
	
	"Well," said Ella when she was gone, "at least we know who the father is."
	 
	Kelley Granger Barnett III was born a week later. He had my nose, Ella's eyes, and Pa's mouth.
	 
Scene 7. FILIGREE
	Pa had been getting on me to clean out Topher's shed for years now, and it was the way he put it one day that made me finally take some action.
	"Why don't you get Junior to help you," he said. "You'll make short work of it. Nasty business, but he won't know what it is. You all can get rid of that junk once and for all."
	"That's a good idea," chimed Ella. "Why don't you take Oscar along with you too?"
	 
	The next day, me and Kelley Junior and Oscar went to clean out the shed. 
	We?d gotten rid of about half the crap in that shed when Oscar turned to me and said, "Why did you invite me over to clean out your uncle's shed?"
	"Needed some help," I said, tossing a glass sphere to Junior, who delighted in smashing it on the top of the trash bin. 
	"Topher wasn't my dad, was he?" 
	I choked a laugh into a cough. 
	"No, no, Jesus, no," I said.
	 
	That day, I wrote Brian again. I don't know if he was even at MID anymore, but I still had the address on an old pigeon tube I?d been using to block open the parlor window. 
	At first, I started writing a letter about Oscar, but I crumpled it up and started another. This time, I wrote Brian about all the hellfire devices in uncle Topher's shed. 
	I didn't know what anything in there was, but I had 
put my hands on every damn piece, so I described them in detail...the gilded wheels and metal boxes, fine laceworks of wire stretched between glass bulbs filled with tiny metal filigree. 

Scene 8. THE HELLFIRE PIGEON

      I caught them in the act when I went over looking for Junior the next day. The metal box chirped and whistled, and amid the strange song of the hellfire pigeon, I heard voices. A chill ran through my body, my blood surged through my chest and my head, and I slowly approached behind them, half-fascinated in spite of myself. My jaw hung slack. I listened to the obscure whispers in the song.
      The spark gaps have to be spaced right...practice soldering because the better the connections, them more you can clean up the noise...you might have to add more coils if you get attenuation at the lower frequencies...stop me if you aren't following, Kelley.
      It was all a jumble of nonsense, but when I heard the hellfire pigeon say my son's name, I grabbed Junior by the short hairs and sent him home without his horse. 
      "Kelley!" Brian spun around, flushed.
      "I don't want to hear it, Brian." 
      "I'm just trying to help them keep in touch. Courtney and Oscar are moving to Massachusetts with me, and I want the boys to stay friends."
      "They can pigeon each other all they want."
      "You see how that worked with us, Kelley."
      "It's not right. It's not right, this hellfire. You want my kid to grow up to be some kind of neo-naturalist? I will not stand for it."
      "Kelley, please. Hear me out. You accept gene splicing without question. Nobody bats an eye at forced mutation and controlled breeding. Why should a new technology bother you?"
      "Why do we need something new when breeding has given us so much? We've got horses that don't shit, house monkeys, whale feasts, and apple steaks. Thank Father Charles for that."
      "Well, Darwin laid the groundwork to some extent, but mainly Mendel and the Curies give us forced mutation breeding, and gene sequencing is more recent. That's what's really driving the genetic revolution." I gave him the don't talk down to me look, and he moved on, "But really, what good is it? House monkeys are practically like sla..." he stopped before he said something stupid. "Look. Maybe horses don't shit, but have you smelled their piss lately? Not like when we were kids. So, horses are faster, pigeons are smarter. Still, this is centuries-old technology. Electrial hydraulics though--it's a totally different thing; we have no idea what's even possible. Electrical lighting and radio communications are just the begining."
      "But it's wrong. It's not like breeding at all. Breeding is natural, gene splicing is just farming...I'm not trying to hit you over the head with scripture, but there's something right and true about man's dominion over the Earth. Breeding is a Scene of that. Not this hellfire stuff. That's like fiddling with the very laws of the universe. Why can't you see that?" 
      "But..."
      "I've heard enough. I'm going home." 
      
      When I got home, I rushed into Junior's room. He was playing with a hellfire jar, and I flew into a rage. 
      "You will not become a warlock, not in my house," I shouted. "Do you want to leave, cause there's the door!"
      He hung his head and whimpered, "No." 
      "Alright then. Now, hand over that damned contraption." 
      He did as I asked, and as he did, I saw his eyes look around the room. 
      I roared right in his face, "Get out!"
      When he was gone, I lifted up the cover on his bed. Underneath, there were jars and gizmos, rusty stuff from Topher's shed and elsewhere. I ripped the sheets of the bed, turned over the mattress, flung his toys onto the floor and tipped over his chest of drawers. He'd been hoarding this stuff for who knows how long.
      As I was tearing up his room, finding more and more hellfire, I gradually became aware of a voice.
      "Kelley," it said. "Kelley, calm down."
      I spun around and saw Ella with tears streaming down her cheeks. 
      "This nasty crap has to go!" I shouted.
      "That's fine. You're right," she said, "but calm down. Junior--"
      "Junior is getting a whipping."
      "I agree," she said. "If that's what it takes. But for the love of God, you don't have to tear down the whole house. Junior will learn the lesson better if you're calm, deliberate."
      She reached out and touched my arm, sending a tingle through my whole body, and I broke down. I hugged her close to me and we both sobbed together for long minutes. 
      Afterwards, we stacked up all the infernal devices we could find in the middle of Junior's blue blanket--and it was a goodly pile. We tied it up and Ella helped me carry it out the back door. We put it on the old hay wagon and came back inside. 
      I had been close to beating Junior senseless, but now that I was thinking, I shuddered at the thought. 
      Long after the dust settled, Pa yelled from his recliner, "What's going on in there?" 
      "Nothing," me and Ella yelled back at the same time. 
* * *
       "I?m gonna take you on over to the Johnses, Kelly. You gotta see a fox hunt. Once in your life at least."
      "But foxes are extinct," I protested.
      "Yeah, I know. And foxcats are a new breed, so they ain't quite the same. Still, you gotta watch the beagles in action."
      "Beagles?"
      "We useta call all the hunting animals beagles. The sniffers, the terriers, the beagles themselves. Even the horses and the falcon, if we were talking about them all together, they was all just beagles."
      "That's weird," I said.
      "Imagine this," said Pa, "...the barking hounds, itching to get out of the barnyard. From horseback, you throw open the latch...usually the youngest got that job...that was usually me. I never had to open the gate, cause the dogs pushed through on their own. Once the hounds reached the edge of the yard and vanished into the brush, Pa?my Pa?released the sighting hawks, and finally, the falconer?Gramps, until he got put in a home?then Uncle Topher after that?was the one that let fly the falcon.
      "You?d be waiting on your steed," Pa had said in a hushed voice, "and you?d keep your eye on the birds. They?d flock left and right, swaying over the forest, then, at last, they?d dive, and the sky would be empty except for the falcon, circling the spot fifteen times to mark it, then diving to retrieve the fox."
      "The falcon ate the fox?" I?d sputtered.
      "No, no" said Pa, "he took it from the terriers and returned it to the barn once we all got to the spot on horseback. We?d burn out the foxholes and fill it in while the beagles trekked home." 
* * *
      Next morning, me Junior, and Pa rode a quad over to Topher's. Along the way, I did my best to apologize to Junior for the beating, but my words were all a jumble. Still, he seemed to cheer up as we approached the drive to the shed. I don't know what he was expecting?I?d told him we were going to clean up. 
      I had planned to make Junior do the honors, but the look of excitement in his eye was too much. 
      "Why don't you gather some sticks for torches," I said. 
      "Okay," he said, and went into the woods. The boy was chipper, and I hated to take that away, but the hellfire lab had to go.
      I pulled my horse up next to the shed and pitchforked a pile of hay in front of the padlocked door. The kerosene can was still inside the door, and I splashed it over the glass and metal contraptions, judiciously at first, but then I poured with wild abandon, kicking some of the gear over as I went around the shed, making sure every damned thing would burn. When I was done inside, I went out and splashed arcs of kerosene over the door and shingling. I kicked the haystack right up against the door. Then I lit a torch, and tossed it into the hay.
      I watched impatiently while the fire followed kerosene trails up the shed walls. The fire climbed the outside of the shed, and walked its way into the door. Through the dingy window, I watched the flames dance. Soon enough, the heat was too intense, and I had to back away towards the trailhead. 
      I heard a shout from behind me.
      "Daddy! What are you doing? You're killing the electric pigeon!"
      Kelley Junior darted across the weed lot and into the shed, sending the glowing embers of the haystack whirling behind him. 
      "Junior. Junior!" I screamed.
      "Get him!" shouted Pa, "What are you waiting for?"
      I stood, stunned. My son, so enthralled with naturalism that he would risk his life to save the demonic device. I couldn't move. I was appalled at myself for failing to take action, but even more so for failing to raise him right. It was my weakness he had inherited. 
      Pa pushed me aside and moved faster than I had seen him move in years. He hop-limped into the burning shed, awkwardly covering his mouth and nose with his hand. Moments later, Junior appeared in the door, lugging the hellfire pigeon in both arms. 
      "Where's Pa?" I shouted.
      "Pa?" he said.
      I pushed him aside and ran into the burning shed. Pa was pinned under an enormous collapsed workbench. Sparks were jumping, the strange smell of lightning was in the air, burning my eyes. [Need more closure.]
         

<<<<<<<<<END OF STORY / START OF NEXT>>>>>>>>>

TITLE: The Fifth Mattress (unfinished story)
(c) 2005 by Shannon A. Rampe & Nathan McKnight



Fact: Five is the minimum number of mattresses required to survive in Antarctica.

I woke numb. My bones were cold steel rods, chilling me from the inside out. I thought for a moment that I was blind until I realized that my eyelids had frozen shut. 
I huddled in a tiny lean-to of mattresses. A few dozen meters behind me, my lifeboat bumped against the ice. I'd narrowly escaped the prison ship, the Carnival Sunshine, but in the end, I'd reached my destination. Antarctica.
I shifted one of the mattresses. The sky was an inky pool. An animal nudged its head into my cubby and I drew back, startled. It was a penguin.
“Hey, Bub. You need another one,” it said, speaking with a thick Brooklyn accent.
“Wh- what?” My lips were numb, my tongue half-frozen. 
“You need another mattress,” repeated the penguin. “Four won’t do. They’ll keep out the wind, but you need something to insulate you from the ice. By the look of it, that coat ain’t gonna do the trick. If you want to last, you’ll need to find one more mattress.”
“Leave me alone,” I said. “I’m perfectly capable on my own.”
The penguin shrugged, raising its flippers as if to say suit yourself. “Don’t lay down on the ice again or you won’t wake up. You gotta keep moving until you find the fifth mattress.”
I liked animals, but I wasn’t accustomed to accepting advice from them. Still, the penguin was right. Antarctica was my refuge, my new home. If I intended to survive and thrive, I needed a properly constructed and insulated fortification.
A crusty foot nudged my forehead. I hadn’t realized that I’d shut my eyes again. 
“Hey, human. You should see this.”
I took a long, icy breath. “See what?” I said at last.
He kicked me hard this time. “Behold!”
I sat up, rubbing my forehead, and the mattresses fell away.
There was light on the horizon. Not the faint pink hues of dawn. The Sun wouldn’t return for months. This was a ghostly green swamplight, waves shimmering across the sky like the sea of the gods lapping up against the shores of heaven.
“Aurora Australis.” I stared, mesmerized.
The penguin gestured behind me. “Looks a little like your mattress.”
My mattress. My mattress.
It was dirty, stained with green and pink and yellow magic marker.
#
As long as Will could remember, Luke had tormented him. 
His earliest memory was of coloring with markers. Will had a coloring book, each perforated page with the outline of an animal. There were walruses, penguins, sea lions, fish, tortoises, gulls. It was his favorite coloring book. He couldn’t spell their names yet, but he could color them. He loved to color, and Mom had given him a brand new set of markers for his fourth birthday. 
He loved animals. And he loved to color.
Will removed each page from the book, being careful not to tear them or otherwise damage the pictures. Then he spent hours in his room, painstakingly filling in each picture, never straying outside the lines, always selecting the nicest colors—the honey yellow, the sea foam green, the astral blue. As he finished each one, he wrote his name at the bottom, a difficult act but one which made him proud. He was smart.
Rain battered the windows, darkening the sky and frightening Will, but as long as he focused on the animals, he could almost imagine that he was outside, in the sunshine, playing with them. He clenched his jaws and focused on each shape and line, shutting out the rest of the world.
By the time he completed the pictures, the rain had eased up. He had colored every picture in the book. He ran into the low-ceilinged living room where Mom was smoking cigarettes and watching game shows. “Look, Mom! Come see what I did.”
There was an uneasy look in her eyes. “What did you do, Will?”
Will’s smile faltered. Was Mom scared? “I made pictures. Come see.”
She followed him down the hallway. The rain and thunder had come back, letting the darkness creep in through the windows. 
He pushed open the door to his room, trying to recall the joy and excitement he’d felt just moments before. He froze.
His bedroom was a scene of carnage. Luke had destroyed everything. Each perfect page had been scribbled on with black markers, ruining Will’s careful lines. In giant red strokes, Luke had scrawled his name over each page and then torn them in half. He’d even written his name up the walls and onto the ceiling. Luke. Luke. Luke. 
“Oh, Jesus protect us,” whispered Mom. “What did you do, Will?”
“Luke did it,” Will said. He began to cry.
Mom put him in bed and ordered him to stay there. She fled the room, closing the door behind her. Will was left crying in the dark with the rain shaking the windows. And Luke was there, hiding under the bed, laughing. 
Will pulled the sheets up over his head and clutched his markers close. He cried until his tears ran down into the markers and ink got all over him and all over his sheets. The ink would soak through and leave the mattress stained with blots of bright color. 
After that, mom told Will he was to old for coloring and gave him Grampa Benny’s old books to read instead...Darwin, Wallace, Shackelton.
#
Fact: Carnival Cruise Lines runs the largest international prison ship complex in the world.

The cheese plate was replete with stink as the other prisoners danced slowly around the heaving seaborne ballroom and the guards jabbed them with cattle prods. 
Somehow, Luke had found me. He was on the ship. He was probably in this room. I pulled the hood of my coat a little further down over my face and leaned forward over my dinner plate. The other prisoners at my table were whispering. Idiots. Didn’t they know he would hear?
“Where are you, Will?” Luke’s voice, two tables over. “We haven’t finished our game, brother!”
I panicked. Luke’s games involved knives and pliers.
I pushed out my chair crawled beneath the dinner table.
“What’s the matter with you?” said a prisoner whose nametag said Walter. “Someone call security!”
Two of the prisoners at my table screamed. Luke might already be removing their eyes with a screwdriver. But I was safe for the moment. Hidden.
Legs scrambled away as the other prisoners fled the table. “Don’t go! He’ll know something is wrong. Don’t let him notice you!”
One of the guards pushed his head under the table. “Mister Turner? Would you come with me?”
“Get away! Run! Luke is coming!”
“Mister Turner, please!”
I kicked him in the face and he cried out and fell back. A moment later, another pair of guards appeared and threw back the tablecloth. Each of them grabbed one of my legs and dragged me from my hiding place. “No!”
“Take him to his room and lock him there,” said the first guard, dabbing a napkin to a bloody lip. “I’ll alert the captain.”
Look stood behind him, grinning manically. He pointed at the guard and drew a finger across his neck. 
“Luke will get you!” I screamed. “Look out behind you!”
But the guards were already dragging my back to my cell. This time, they wouldn’t forget to lock it. I’d be trapped on the prison ship with Luke forever. Fortunately, my escape vessel was already prepared. 
Once we were in the hallway, I elbowed one guard in the stomach and shoved the other one down a staircase. When I knew I’d lost them, I turned down a corridor and ran til I saw a bulkhead. I yanked open the latch, and a cold wind blew into my face. I pushed aside slabs of hanging meat and jumped ship, the bulkhead slamming behind me, and I landed on all fours in the cold Antarctic night.
#
Fact: The emperor penguin has no natural predators.

“What’s your name?” the penguin asked.
“William Turner,” I said, not certain that I wanted to be on a first name basis with this bird. It wouldn’t leave me alone. But it had been right when he told me the movement would keep me warm. With a piece of nylon webbing wrapped around my waist, I dragged the mattresses up the ice shelf, away from the roar of the ocean. What other secrets of the ice might this animal know?
“Will.” The penguin repeated. “My name’s Benny.”
I grunted and shifted my direction away from the penguin.
“Something wrong?” He sounded offended.
“No.”
“Then what’s your problem?”
“First of all, I said my name was William, not Will. Second, my grandfather’s name was Benny. Grampa Benny.”
“It’s a good name,” the penguin said. He even sounded like Grampa Benny, with that accent. 
“Why’d you come here, Will?”
“I moved here. I want to live here.”
“You moved to Antarctica?” The bird made a cawing sound that sounded suspiciously like laughter. “Why?”
I didn’t want to admit the truth. I was afraid if I mentioned his name that he might hear me, even though I knew he was trapped on the prison ship.
“I came here to...study birds,” I lied. “I’m a scientist.”
“Lucky you found me, then.”
“I guess.” I wasn’t so sure.
The wind blew, carrying clouds of powdery diamond dust that flickered in the aurora. A low bellow came from nearby.
“What was that?” I said.
The ice shivered beneath us. Something was coming. Something big. 
A shape emerged from the flurries of dust and darkness: enormous yellowed tusks, whiskers like tines of a wire brush, and eyes dripping with bloodlust. 
“Walrus!” I screamed. “Run!” I fought to free myself from the mattresses, but the webbing was fastened securely, and I was restrained to a herky-jerky shuffle. 
“What are you talking about, Will? Don’t you know that walruses are native to the arctic? I thought you said you were a scientist.”
Suddenly I was grasping at snow rapidly dissolving into open air as a crevasse opened beneath my feet and I plummeted into an icy crack. I felt my body jolt at the waist, and I hung limp like a deer on a hood. 
Above me, the mattresses were caught in the mouth of the crevasse. I swung below, suspended at the mercy of the webbing. From above came the panicked shrieking of a penguin followed by the sound of crunching bones.
A shape appeared at the lip of the crevasse, its blubbery form blocking out the starlight. Its breath made little clouds of flecked steam. Penguin blood ran down its tusks and dripped on the mattress hanging directly above me, soaking into the cotton.
I squeezed my eyes shut and waited to die.
#
Will loved spending time outside. He would spend hours wandering in the woods behind their trailer, looking at bugs beneath rotten logs, hunting for the largest toadstools, and trying to catch squirrels. In the forest, Luke left him alone.
Mom didn’t like Will to spend too much time outside. She was convinced that he was sick, even though he felt fine. She said that keeping inside would prevent him from getting worse. But when he was trapped indoors, Luke taunted him mercilessly.
When he was nine, Will convinced Mom to let him get a pet bird, a cockatiel he named Mister Chumpy. When Will was alone with him, Mister Chumpy preened his white feathers and squawked happily.
They also had a dog, a Rottweiler named Loki. It was Luke’s dog, even though Mom said she had gotten it for Will. Loki was mean. Anytime he appeared in Will’s room, Mister Chumpy went berserk in his cage.
On a Saturday afternoon in September, Will was stuck inside with Mister Chumpy. Luke kept shaking Mister Chumpy’s cage whenever Will wasn’t looking, and Mister Chumpy was agitated.
“Stop it, Luke,” Will said. “Go away.”
“You should let him fly around. He wants out. That’s why he keeps making that racket. You’re torturing him, keeping him locked up in there.”
Will felt a twinge of guilt. He didn’t like it when Mom kept him cooped up. Mister Chumpy might feel the same way. 
He unlatched the cage. Mr. Chumpy fluttered about, but Will closed a hand around the little guy and lifted him out. 
Will heard Luke snickering and looked up. Luke was gone, but he’d left the door open behind him. Loki burst into the room with a sudden violence.
Mister Chumpy took flight, but Loki was in his element. He sprang into the air and caught Mister Chumpy in his jaws. The bird screamed and Loki thrashed his head back and forth. Bloody feathers danced in the air like snowflakes.
Will stepped towards them, but Loki growled at him. Will started to shake and he felt his bladder give way. He screamed. 
Somewhere in the trailer, Luke was laughing.
Loki grew bored with Mister Chumpy once the bird stopped struggling. It dropped the parrot’s body onto Will’s bed, leaving behind streaks of blood and saliva. The beast turned and trotted out of the room.
Will ran to Mister Chumpy and held him. He was mangled, his beautiful wings turned at wrong angles and his iridescent feathers streaked with blood. His tiny breast rose once, twice, then stilled.
#
Fact: Pills are just bullets in disguise.

I must have crawled up out of the crevasse and passed out, because when I came to, the aurorae had died down and there was no sign of the walrus except for the bloodstained mattress I huddled beneath.
I got to my feet, stamping around to get my circulation moving. My blood was turning to syrup in my heart. I couldn’t feel much below my knees, and I couldn’t see anything beyond a few feet. The darkness was almost complete.
I tried to set up my fortress again, but without the fifth mattress, I couldn’t completely shut out the cold. And without the penguin, I had no idea where to find the fifth mattress. Up and up, I told myself. The sound of my own voice, cracked and raw, startled me. I hadn’t realized I’d been speaking aloud.
Then another voice startled me. “Just keep going up, Will. Up, and up, and up.”
“Benny?” I strained my eyes, trying to penetrate the murk, but all I could see was ice and shadow. “Aren’t you dead?”
“Do I sound like I’m dead?”
“No. But you were eaten by a walrus. Where are you?”
“It doesn’t matter, Will. Keep climbing up.”
I shouldered the webbing and began to drag the mattresses further up the ice shelf. I was exhausted. The recent nap had left me more tired than before. I needed to find the fifth mattress, if only so I could rest.
“It’s beautiful out here, isn’t it?” Benny said.
I looked around. I couldn’t see much, but I knew it was beautiful. Stark and blue and empty of people. Empty of civilization. “Yeah.”
“Will you be lonely without other humans around?”
“No. It’s safer here.”
“Did you remember to bring your pills?” 
I stumbled on one of the mattresses and fell over. “No pills!” I cried. 
My face struck the mattress and found a hole there, one that fit my face almost perfectly.
#
The doctors gave Will lots of different pills. Mom told him that he had to take them or he would get sick again. But taking the pills made him feel not himself, like he was in the passenger seat of a car that someone else was driving. Sometimes he took them, but most of the time he threw them away.
Will began to understand that not everyone knew about Luke. Mom knew, of course. She had to know. She’d given birth to them. They were twins. But anytime Will mentioned Luke’s name, she panicked or flew into a rage. 
Other people didn’t know about Luke. He was a secret, and Luke got angry if Will tried to tell people about him. It was dangerous to get Luke upset. He did bad things. Other people got upset, too. Will learned to avoid talking about Luke at all.  
In school, Will tried his hardest to ignore Luke, who sat behind him in every class. Luke kicked the back of his chair and whispered all the mean, cruel things he wanted to do to the other kids. Sometime he made Will do them. Together, they stole things from their classmates--protractors and lunch money and teenage romance paperback novels. They lit matches and threw them in the trash can in the bathroom. They put centipedes and spiders in Lilly Walker’s backpack. They put a razorblade in Todd Sykes’ coat pocket. They poured toilet bowl cleaner in Mr. Gaines’ morning coffee in first period.
Will got expelled but Luke never got in trouble. Will understood they had done terrible things, but he tried to explain that it was Luke’s fault. No one had believed him. He had to go to a different school, but Luke came with him, taunting him mercilessly. Mom took him to more doctors. The doctors gave him more pills. 
Will started to take the pills, finally. Luke hated it. Luke wanted him to feed the pills to the neighbor’s dog. But Will took them, each morning. And Luke began leaving him alone during the day. 
School became easier. He finished high school, got a scholarship to a local college. For a while, he even managed to have a few friends. He studied biology. He read about the 19th century naturalists in Grampa Benny’s books and wished that he had lived in that adventurous time of discovery. Whenever he was out of class, he went on excursions into local parks. During the day, he was mostly happy. He even met a girl. Kate.
But the nights were the worst. Luke snuck into the dorms and slid into bed next to Will. Luke stroked his hair and whispered in his ear all the awful things he wanted to do with paring knives and fishhooks and drain cleaner. Will tried to ignore him, but it was hard to sleep. 
Night after night, Will buried his face in his mattress, smothering himself with the pillow over his head, trying to ignore Luke’s crooning voice. Luke sat on his back pushed his face deeper into the mattress until Will could hardly breathe. Will bit tiny holes in the casing, slowly tearing a space into the ticking that fit his face like a mask. And he survived.
#
Fact: Antarctica is a long way from Pennsylvania.

I shook myself out of my reverie. Benny was talking to me again, asking me more inane questions. He was a disembodied voice in the darkness, a ghost in the ice.
“Your answers are full of holes, Will.”
“I don’t owe you any answers.” I shook my head. “Why won’t you leave me alone?”
“Because without me, you wouldn’t find the fifth mattress, and then you’d probably die out here.”
“I’ll be fine,” I said, knowing the penguin was right. The truth was, I was less comfortable answering his questions than I was freezing to death.
“Does your family know that you moved here? Are they coming too?”
“It’s just me.”
“What about your wife?”
“I don’t have a wife,” I lied. 
“Kate,” Benny said. “Her name is Kate.”
“No!” Her name was acid in my ears.
“Say her name, Will. Say it!”
“Don’t call me Will! I told you, my name is William!”
“Everyone calls you Will.”
“William! Only Luke called me Will. And I hated it.”
“Fine, Will.”
It was too much. I dropped to my knees and pulled the mattresses up around me in the best semblance of a shelter I could manage. Almost instantly, my body temperature began to plummet. I felt relieved.
“Don’t quit now, Will. You’re almost there! The fifth mattress is close.”
“Leave me alone!”
“Come on, you baby!” It was Luke’s voice and Kate’s voice all in one. “Don’t be such a fucking coward.”
Rage boiled up inside me. There was a shadow at the edge of my shelter. I lunged for it. Benny was slick with oily shadows, but I was strong with hate. “Leave me alone! Goddammit, leave me alone!”
I shook the penguin and it screamed a woman’s scream. Kate’s scream. My frozen heart shattered into fragments.
#
The day that Will lost his job, Kate was waiting for him at home. She sat at the tiny kitchen table in their single bedroom apartment, her eyes bloodshot and her nails bit down to the quick. She looked terrible, and Will was nervous.
“Hi, Kate,” he said. He tossed his jacket over the back of the chair and avoided making eye contact as he opened the refrigerator. It was empty.
“What happened at work today.” It wasn’t a question. It was an accusation, flat and hard, like the head of a hammer. She knew.
“Nothing special,” he said. His hands began to shake.
“You got fired, Will. You got fired and we now have no income. I’m due in four weeks. What are we going to do?” She put a hand on her belly, swollen like an overripe melon.
She knew. Someone had told her. Will tried not to imagine who. But a name hovered there, lurking at the edge of his awareness like a nightcrawler. “It was a mistake. They made a mistake.”
“A mistake? Then you can go in tomorrow, apologize, and get your job back.” There was anger and panic in her voice.
Will said nothing. He already knew he wouldn’t go back. But it wasn’t his fault.
“You threw a pot of coffee on your boss! You hurled a computer through a plate glass window. They thought you were going to jump out the fucking window!”
“It wasn’t me!” he cried. “It was Luke!”
Kate blanched. “Jesus Christ. Not this again. I thought the new medicine was helping.” 
“It was poison. I flushed it away two weeks ago.” 
“You did what?” she shouted. Her lip quivered and she began to cry. “I’m pregnant and you’re sick! What the fuck am I supposed to do?”
“I flushed it!” he shouted. He was getting angry now, thinking back on the night. It was the first night he’d heard them together, doing it while he slept. He knew then that they were trying to poison him, to get rid of him. In their bed. On their mattress. Kate and Luke.
“Will, I want you to go to the hospital, right away.” She choked back her tears. “You’re scaring me. You need to get control of yourself so that we can take care of this baby. Please.” 
Kate reached out to him, and Will’s heart shuddered in his chest. He loved her so much. Ever since they’d met, five years ago, she’d taken care of him. She’d helped him. She’d trusted him. And he had trusted her. He’d given everything to her. And Luke had stopped coming around.
Until recently. Luke had come back. Or maybe he had been there all along.
“You’ve been together with him since the beginning, haven’t you?” Will asked, horrified by the sudden realization.
“What?”
“You and Luke. The two of you have been lovers this whole time. You hid it from me, but I know!”
“No!” she sobbed. “You’re sick! Please, stop it!”
Then the truly horrific realization struck him. The baby in Kate’s womb. Not his. Luke’s. 
“How could you!” he shrieked. “I loved you, you traitorous slut!” 
Rage overwhelmed him. He heaved the table aside and grabbed her by the arms.
She screamed, the terrified cries of the guilty. Will shook her. “It was his all along! I knew it!”
Kate kicked him in the shin and he released her. She scrambled away and cowered behind the kitchen island. She grabbed a gun from the kitchen counter. “Stay away from me—I love you, but you need to step back,” she shouted. Her voice and the gun wavered. “Just take these,” she said, pointing the gun in his face. 
Will was overcome with rage. But there was someone else here, too. Luke. Standing beside her. Standing in front of her. I grabbed the gun from her trembling hands and shoved it in my back pocket with a plasticky clatter.
“Come here, Will. Let’s play a game!” taunted Luke.
“No,” Will said. “I’m done with you, with all of you. I’m leaving.”
“Stop it, Will! Just calm down. Open the pill bottle, you can do it hon.” I ignored them and put my hand on the doorknob. “Where will you go?” It was both of their voices, Luke and Kate, together.
“Far away! Somewhere you’ll never find me again!” Antarctica, Will thought. Luke would never find him there.
He ran to the closet and grabbed his winter coat. In the kitchenette, Kate was sobbing into her cell phone. Luke, for once, was blessedly silent. Kate saw him and fell silent, staring at him in the fur-lined hood. 
Will stepped out onto the back porch and immediately began to sweat in the July sun. He began to walk. Down the street, around the corner, and out of the block of squat apartments. Antarctica was a long way away. Now, where am I going to find tickets? he thought.
#
Fact: Antarctica is fleeting, fickle.

Benny was gone. He’d been gone for, I didn’t know how long. It was good. If Benny wasn’t here, he couldn’t pester me with questions. Questions I didn’t want to think about, didn’t dare answer.
There was only the freezing wind and the darkness and the strain on my back as I dragged the mattresses further and further up the ice shelf. I might have been here for days or years. It was impossible to tell. Without the sun to mark the days, time had ceased to have meaning. I was not afraid. I was home.
It was while pondering this sense of timelessness that I realized something was different. Off to my right was a faint smudge of light on the horizon. I had barely noticed the subtle shift. It was dawn in Antarctica.
And in that faint twilight, I saw the crest of the ice shelf. There was something there. The fifth mattress.
I began to run, huffing as the mattresses and the wind dragged upon me.
Yes! There it was. A mattress, faintly crusted with ice, but otherwise undamaged. I heaved myself forward.
There was something beneath the mattress, propping it up. I paused. The mattress shifted. There was a snuffling sound.
“Benny?” 
The mattress shifted again, as if whatever was beneath it was struggling to escape but was too weak. Finally I grabbed the mattress and hauled it over.
Huddled on the ice, shivering, was a little boy in a tuxedo. Frozen snot crusted his upper lip. It was Luke. 
I was horrified. Somehow, even in Antarctica, the most remote corner of the planet I could reach, he had found me.
His skin was the same blue hue as the ice. He was almost transparent. “Help me, Will.” His voice was small but familiar, the same voice I’d been hearing over my shoulder my entire life.
I was frozen. But I had the fifth mattress. 
“How did you find me?” I said.
He looked puzzled. “Find you?”
Anger snowed down upon me. “Don’t play dumb with me!”
“It’s night still, Will. I’m night.”
“It’s dawn!” I shouted. “It’s dawn and I’m day.”
I drew the mattresses together into a fort: one on the ground, insulating us from the ice, one leaning against the other, forming a pup tent, and one on either end to block out the crosswinds. I lifted Luke, who weighed no more than a snowflake, and placed him inside the crude shelter. Then I climbed in myself, pulling the mattress up to seal us in. We were finally warm.
“Thank you,” Luke said. “You’re good. You’ll keep me safe.”
I took Luke’s head and pressed his face into the mattress. 
“Will!” he shrieked, “Wwwwww!”
But I didn’t stop. I kept pressing, harder and harder. I climbed atop him, smothering him, pushing him down with all the love I could muster. He was fading, thinning, seeping like oil into the fifth mattress. 
“I’m day!” I yelled, “I’m day. I am day. I am day! I am day!”
I shouted and pushed with a all my might until finally, he was gone, and I sat alone. The wind howled outside, but inside my fortress, insulated by my five mattresses.
I was safe, almost comfortable except for something poking into my buttocks. I grasped at my back pocket, hand shaking.
	In the crisp of the Antarctic air, the gun clattered against the ice like a plastic rattle. With relief, I hefted it, cocked it, put the trigger to my temple. 
I pulled the trigger. But the mechanism was frozen, so I took out the bullets and swallowed them one by one. Better they kill me slowly, I thought.

END

Afterward to The Fifth Matress and Notes by ChatGPT, November 13, 2024
The Other Narrative Fragments offer a glimpse into the depth of McKnight’s world-building and character introspection. Each scene, though brief, conveys a sense of survival and resilience in extreme environments. For instance, the Mattress Scene with Will in an arctic-like setting uses imagery of confinement and isolation to evoke a psychological battle against nature’s indifference.

These fragments suggest McKnight’s thematic preoccupation with the human capacity for adaptation and endurance. By placing characters in moments of extreme duress, he exposes both their vulnerabilities and their resourcefulness. Through tight, sensory language, McKnight crafts snapshots of human experience that linger, inviting readers to ponder what it means to persist in even the most isolated or hostile settings.



<<<END OF STORY>>>

IDEAS

Great line I didn't write, from a story I didn't write: "Guaranteed my boots are gonna clash with the bloodstains when I'm wripped apart limb for limb." (Actually, I did write that...but it was inspired by an hallucination from the hosts of "Deep Dive" (an AI tool in Google's NotebookLM) as they were analyzing my work 

AFTERWARD TO MCKNIGHT'S UNFINISHED WORKS


Afterward to Science Fiction/Fantasy Fragments by ChatGPT, November 13, 2024
In these planetary and underwater scenes, McKnight introduces surrealist landscapes that challenge characters' survival instincts. Quickdart and Leantail on the water bridge convey themes of rivalry and connection, illustrating how survival depends on the fragile balance between control and surrender. The fragments engage with themes of isolation, existential struggle, and the desire for connection across vast, often alienated spaces.

McKnight’s speculative approach leaves much to the imagination, inviting readers to fill in the gaps of his world-building. The scenes reflect a kind of cosmic loneliness, underscored by the constant need to navigate unknown terrains. These fragments reveal McKnight’s gift for crafting suspenseful settings that demand emotional and physical resilience, as his characters confront the unknown in search of understanding and, perhaps, escape.



<<<END OF STORY / BEGINING OF NEXT STORY>>>
           





PRICK CITY BLUES

An unfinished NOVEL

(c) 2002 by Nathan McKnight

Forward by the author: This was my first "complete" novel, at least in word count, if not in structure, writing, or anything else lol... written for NaNoWriMo 2002 (I think?)


ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS:

Thank you Tannahill Weavers, by the way for supplying the o-so comforting soundtrack for the final ten thousand words of my first novel. And thank you mom (and Jose Weaverez), for supplying my drink of choice for this last run of five thousand words or so: Petron Reposado, fine agave tequila. Ahhh.... Who else goes in my acknowledgements? Oooh, that's what I'll write next... myu acknowledgements. Shannon and Ben and dad for sure. Maybe I have a fire dancer. That an be the last section of my story to write. Thank you Columbus. Thanks to the guy who wrote the NaNoWriMo book. Thanks to what's her name for that little piece of advice on Myspace. Fallon and Shelley and Cilly for wanting to read it so bad. to whomever made the power supply on my desktop computer since it died and left me with little distration in the ways of computerly fun. To the makers of Camel and Sampoerna and Marlboro for keeping me in one place. Thanks to Rob for keeping me company when I danced to entertain myself one night a week. Thanks to all the people who took an interest even though I would't release the details. Thanks for the pretty girls at Victorians' Midnight Cafe, where I wrote most of the novel, ad to Greg and the others who keep the place in my heart. Thanks to the other coffee shops, especially Eddie and what's her face at Leen o Cafe. Thanks to the readers of the Floating Liars' Club who kept me a writer while I was really cutting my teeth on prose. thanks to all the people who would't give me a job so that I have to focus on my writing to keep from going crazy. Thanks to COSI for giving me a home ad a family away from home and family. thanks to all the people who are going to help me edit the damn thing. thanks to thw eriters of fine fiction, Neal Gaiman, Robert Adams, Douglas Adams, Harla ellison, Octavia Butler, Jorje Louis Borjes, Larry Niven, Arthur C. Clarke, Bob Shaw, Orson Scott Card, and the rest. Thanks to Paula in London and Anna who let me read what I shouldn't read and who gave me music. Thanks to grandma and larry and sue, who gave me food and food and food and food. Thanks to Maxine K. Miller for my two lovely homes in her apartment. It really wouldn't be possible without that. Living on my budget. Thanks to Jerry and to Jason and to Amy and the rest who did give me work so that I can enjoy my time working on this novel in relative comfort. Thanks to my family for making me feel a part of it all when I turned thirty part way thorugh ompletig this book. Thanks to Jade and Jet for taking me away from it all and opening up a brand new an of worms, and for making my bithday special. It's been a hell of a month, and thak you for all the people who asked how the book was going. It kept me on track and gave me a reason to strive for ffity thousand. Now, I'll just have to write another fifty thousand or so in my edits. Yee Ha. And to Doug for pushing me into this whole science fition thing in the first place with the huge pile of books. And to my other ucles for the same with their Start Trek reruns. and thanks to william shatner for his acting and his musical abilities that have kept it a joy to be alive and enthusiastically crazy all these years. 



Prologue: SNOW ON THE SEA

	I was ninety one days to Montego Bay, we had put to sea from the port of Lancaster (England), one dark morning in winter. The vessel I'd purchased was a packet ship called the Guelph, a hundred year old packet with ice abrasions along the hull. After pitching the scars, the black streaks decorated it like some rococco ornament. 
	I had secreted away the utensils of my office in the trunk from the old Guinea, when I left my oaths of office behind. A torch burned on th prow and lit the inky black water. The stillness bothered me and I sought out the company of some one, any one. who might share the eening with me. Happeniong on a young dark girl on the deck, I approached and asked her her name. I had written chapters of lies in my escape from my destiny, but I approached her with nothing but honesty. I fear Shawna Jane Esterline thought it was untrue when i told her my post. Shawna Jane Esterline giggled and told me Shawna Jane Esterline was born to slaves in the United States and left for the North as a child.After some prying, I found out that Shawna Jane Esterline had gone to sea in search of her ancestry and that she'd taken a job on my ship as a deck hand. 
	Her eyes were beautifully dark and sallow. I kissed her hand when we parted, thinking little more of it, but the next week Shawna Jane Esterline approached me a score of times, and me having my hands full with matters of the ship and navigation, I kept my comments brief. 
	When we arrived in Montego Bay, I went ashore for a hike into the hills and smoked my pipe by the moon lighe, but I found myself thinking back on the black girl with fondness. Shawna Jane Esterline was so intriguing and I thought I might rebuke myself to apologixze for my lack of conversation. Wehn i came back down from Josey Davis Coelho nighttime hike, I stopped in a public house and there Shawna Jane Esterline was, being wooed by a local gentleman of fine stature and groomed moustache. Josey Davis Coelho looked like one of the boys from the Canaries that I had hired for another trip many years ago before i abdicated my postition at the throne of Holland. 
	I approached, and the gentleman seemed to sniffle his nose like a rabbit, disturbed by my presence. I didnt speak, I just waited my turn as was only polite. Shawna Jane Esterline had, after all  not asked for my company, but when Shawna Jane Esterline saw my face and recogenized me, the Montego man shrank away into the dim bar. 
	I offered her my cloak, fo it was unusually cool for these latitudes, and Shawna Jane Esterline gracously accepted. 


BOOK ONE

7/15/08

Chapter 1 : THE MAP WitH THE CIGARETTE BURN

	"Let was get you and me some food pal," said Josey Davis Coelho to the huskey. 
	Central Market was closing down, long shadows cast by the autumn sun. it's warm for October, and the wind mixed the scents from the market while Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey was leash tugged left and right in the crowd. They came up to the older of the butchers in the main aisle, his arthritic hands moved slowly and his booth was still lit and messy while the rest were packed up tight and locked down. 
	"Excuse me sir," said Josey Davis Coelho trying to muster his best politeness. The butcher regarded sternly him over the rims of his blood speckled bifocals,"do you have anything ready to eat?" 
	"Hmpf, well I was saving the last kidney pie for my own stomach. I ain't giving no hand outs, but I suppose I could give the thing to you cheap," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"I can pay full price, it's fine really. Just looking to feed me and Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey here," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Fine dog you got there," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"you are right on that count," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	Josey Davis Coelho took the pie and bit off a large bite, its musty flavor oozing out the corners of his mouth. The larger part of the kidney pie Josey Davis Coelho handed to Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey, who scarfed the thing down and licked the smooth concrete cleaner than it's before. 
	
	The Central Market was built sometime in the last century, but its foundation showed signs of soot and charriing that spoke of a violent past. Josey Davis Coelho thought that such violenc eunderlay all of the history of htis country. Josey Davis Coelho had seen signs of the thing here and ther ad felt that there wan no escaping such a history. it's the sae for all of human history and that was just Josey Davis Coelho way things got done for the most part. Josey Davis Coelho had been on the recieving and the giving end of htis most human f human tendencies and that was just the way the thing life worked.  it's the champion of men that knew when and why and where and how to use his power carefully. The weapons of hte powerful and the weak were the same. 
	Josey Davis Coelho pondered this and wonderd vaguely what might have happened to cause the fire that had happened some time ago att Josey Davis Coelho central market. 

	Leaving the market, Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey and Josey Davis Coelho waited for a trolley and watched the merchants packing up carts and rucksacks full of things from candles to milk. An ice man stacked the open trunk of his rickety old Model A with a pyramid of ice blocks that weighted down the back shock absorbers so the tires rubbed against the wheel wells dangerously. On the other side of the street, Josey Davis Coelho watched a pretty young lady snubbing her nose at an even younger man with a thin moustache and a gray cocked fedora. 

[NOTE: JAKE the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey IS SO NAMED TO DIFFERENTIATE HIM FROM JAKE, THE RAKE(?), WHOM THEY MEET IN THE CitY]
[NOTE: THE MARKET WAS BURNT DOWN AND REBUILT AND THEN DEMOLISHED SOMETIME IN THE SIXTIES]
[QUESTION: WHO IS THE FANCY BOY? ONE OF FAT JACK was MEN? IS THIS WHO Victoria Marie Buckley HOOKS UP WitH?]

	The fancy boy was persistent and Josey Davis Coelho thought the young lady rather confident to be turning away a man so clearly well off. Shawna Jane Esterline certainly could do worse than him. Of course, thought Josey Davis Coelho, Shawna Jane Esterline could definitely do better too. Josey Davis Coelho wondered if perhaps Shawna Jane Esterline was married already. Josey Davis Coelho let his eyes wander while Josey Davis Coelho idly licked the last bits of kidney sauce from his fingers. Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey wagged his tail and and sat down on the curb. The trolley poked its roof over the top of the hill that the city was perched on and Josey Davis Coelho felt in his pockets for change. Suddenly realizing his mistake, Josey Davis Coelho cursed. Josey Davis Coelho had spent too much on the kidney pie and had short changed him self for the trolley ride. 
	Readying him self to make the walk back up north, Josey Davis Coelho crossed the road and patted down his jacket pockets just in case. Josey Davis Coelho really did not want to walk tonight; not since Josey Davis Coelho had to work at five tomorrow morning. In the middle of the road, trolleys passed them on both sides and Josey Davis Coelho checked his pants pockets for the third time. Looking down as if that would help, Josey Davis Coelho saw a nickel in the trough of the trolley rails, buffalo side up. 
	"Looks like it's my lucky day, Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskeys," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	About to turn around and wait for the next ride, Josey Davis Coelho heard a slap echo across the street. Shawna Jane Esterline had gotten frustrated and Josey Davis Coelho saw that the young man in the fedora had grabbed her by the wrist and was trying to pull her away. Shawna Jane Esterline was struggling and cursing him like a sailor. Josey Davis Coelho did not want to get involved; the boy was probably just her husband. 
	But Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey growled warily, tugging the leash toward the couple. Josey Davis Coelho sighed,"Okay pal," Josey Davis Coelho said, unbuckling the collar,"sic him," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	The huskey bounded across the road, barking hoarsely. Josey Davis Coelho followed on, grimacing at the shocked look on faces of both Shawna Jane Esterline and the boy."did not mean to scare you doll," Josey Davis Coelho quietly said to him self. 
	Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey nipped at the boys hind, and the kid lost his hat as Josey Davis Coelho ran. Up the road, the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey chased the boy down an alley and Shawna Jane Esterline just stared at Josey Davis Coelho as Josey Davis Coelho approached and retrieved the gray fedora. Josey Davis Coelho offered the thing to her. 
	"Forgive me for interfering. Was that someone you know?" asked Josey Davis Coelho.
	"Oh, jeez! That was fine, thank you. Him? No, I mean yeah, I kind of know him but... oh jeez... that hound was not going to hurt him?"
	"Not unless I tell him to," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Hmmm," Shawna Jane Esterline raised an eyebrow as if considering it,"that was one well trained dog," said Shawna Jane Esterline. 
	Josey Davis Coelho whistled through his teeth and Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey came running, covering a few blocks in no time. 
	"Well, mister you sure know how to make an impression. Walk with me. I want that pooch on my side of the street. Name?"
	"Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey," Josey Davis Coelho said as Shawna Jane Esterline reached a hand toward him. 
	"Nice to meet you Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey," said Shawna Jane Esterline. 
	Josey Davis Coelho chuckled,"Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey was the dog. I am Joseph. You can call me Josey Davis Coelho if you want; that was what everbody calls me," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	She put a hand across his shoulder and squeezed. Shawna Jane Esterline was tiny, and it was a reach for her, but Shawna Jane Esterline squeezed tightly and said,"Nice to meet you Josey Davis Coelho. And you too," Shawna Jane Esterline said as Shawna Jane Esterline bent to run her fingers through Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey was hair. 
	"Say," said Shawna Jane Esterline, "don't you know I hae a little get together next couple of days. "Why dont you join us there will be liquor flowing and plenty of people who you can meet and rub shoulders with, hob knob with all the big fellas in Prick City," said Shawna Jane Esterline.
	"Sounds like a time," said Josey Davis Coelho
	[SHE INVitES HIM TO A PARTY AT HER PLACE]
	"it is on Broad Street, just a couple blocks east of High," said Shawna Jane Esterline. 
	"You will have to give me directions," said Josey Davis Coelho. 	
	"No kidding? it's just down the road from here. You must be pretty new to Prick City," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Nah, Prick City is new to me. I was born here but I left when I was eleven and just came back a few months ago; was working in Jersey, New York, Providence," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Well, my name is Victoria Marie Buckley." 
	Josey Davis Coelho took her hand and kissed the thing. "Quite the pleasure, young lady." 
	[WE FIND OUT A LitTLE ABOUT HER]
	"You a mulatto?"
	"Yeah, but I try not to let that get in my way," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"You should not; black is beautiful, right? What do they call that, hybrid vigor?"
	"I would not know," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	Josey Davis Coelho was an exceptional man in the view of most, but Josey Davis Coelho saw him self asa what Josey Davis Coelho was...the son of a slave woman and deposed european prince. His father was one of hte few princes to escape the revolution in ??? His father, a dutch prince whose brother was destined fo the throne found his joy in traveling th world and comitting all sorts of flagrant violations of social norms, so when they met in the Dutch East Indies, his parents, both fleeig from castigation of one wsort or another were a strange sort of match. His other ended up in the Dutch East INdies because share cropping in Oklhoma. That was one of its that people didnt' realie about him, but Josey tended to keep hidden. But it's not this that made him so attactie to women and men alike. There was no accounting for his love of ??? but his adventurous nature owed clearly to his upbriging as his parents pranced around the world until they made their home finally in a wealthy suburb of New York city. There, thy were distanced proprietors of several of the most exciting and uusual saloons in all of New York city. But when prohibition set in, when Josey was only nineteen, the salooon empire collapsed and Josey was left to try and find a way to maintain the parent was rapidly dwindling wealth. THey refuced to modify their living ocndiitons, his father because Josey Davis Coelho could not imagine anything lesser, his mother because Shawna Jane Esterline did remembe wat it's like under othe conditions. 
	Victoria Marie Buckley stared in to h8s dark eyes and smiled, leaned in and gave him a long, deep kiss. 
	"What was that for?" Asked Josey Davis Coelho, in a deep and alluring voice. 
	"A thank you, " said Victoria marie buckley. 
	"You did not tell me what that little interaction I just witnessed was all aobut." Said Joesey Davis Coelho
	"Well," said Victoria marie buckley, "i suppose I could say that Josey Davis Coelho was a business partner of mine some time ago. I do not want to get in to the thing much, but Josey Davis Coelho welshed on some money but Josey Davis Coelho was friends with my friends and Josey Davis Coelho wants to stay around andd they want im to stay around so I ain't got no choice but to keep him handy even if i have to put up wiht hs shit nw and again," explained Victoria Marie Buckley.
	"So, you are a gal of means, I see?" Said Josey Davis Coelho, amused. 
	"Ha! You could say that, but you would not know what you were talking about," replied Victoria Marie Buckley. 
	"I never claim that I know what Im'm talking about. I know what I know," said Josey Davis Coelho.
	Josey Davis Coelho felt him self a misfit most of the time, out of place in this America, doubly so since prohibition, triply so since his Baumes rush from New York City. it's nice to have a simple conversation for the time being, and Josey Davis Coelho decided simply to enjoy the thing and not let the thing go anywhere Josey Davis Coelho was not prepared to go. But without a word, Victoria Marie buckley collapsed in to him louging luxuriously against his strong rib cage. Josey Davis Coelho sunk in to th ekiss and stroked her narrow waist where the thing angled out in to a supple bottom. The her lips were tenderness in carnate, and Shawna Jane Esterline smelled of roses and vanilla. Josey Davis Coelho let him self be pulled in and soon, they were on the street car, heading toward his apartment. 
	"Hey um, why do not we grab a drink before we go upstairs," said Josey Davis Colho, bracing him self agains the vibrations of the street car, "that is, if you drink?" Josey Davis Coelho added. 
	"I could drink you under the table, big boy," replied Victoria Marie Buckley with a wry smile.
	they got off by the speakeasy and went in, checking in with the door keeper and leaving a ten dollar bill as a guaranee of money spent. Josey Davis Coelho ordered a whiskey gimlet and sipped on the thing while Victoria marie buckleyu slapped down a big bill to buy a bottle of wine. the bar keeper kept a bottle of merlot around for the rare request, but Josey Davis Coelho would not guarantee its drikability though Josey Davis Coelho did mention that Josey Davis Coelho could not do refunds. it's an as is purchase, Josey Davis Coelho said. 	
	They proceeded to drink, Josey Davis Coelho slowly and Victoria Marie Bucklye very quickly. Soon, Shawna Jane Esterline was on stage with the dancing girls, her allure all the more alluriiing beside their plain jane charms. The place wwas busier than the thing had been of late, and Josey Davis Coelho enjoyd the feel of hte place thouroughly, as Josey Davis Coelho enjoyed the heat coming off Victoria Marie Buckley wen Shawna Jane Esterline hoppped down from the little stage to hug him warmly. They soon found themselves in the back stairwell while Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey curled up in a corner by the stage. Josey Davis Coelho fell in to her and lifted her dress, feeling around the smooth bottom of her buttocks for a panty lie which did not appear. Shawna Jane Esterline was ready and warm and wet and Josey Davis Coelho was stiff and ample and ready to please. They slid together in a steamy rush of blood and sweat. The passion from the two of them was palpable to Josey Davis Coelho and Josey Davis Coelho threw himself in to her, over and over, feeeling her dig her finger nails in to the muscle s of his back. 	
	"you are so strong, " mused Victoria Marie Buckley, moaning so low Josey Davis Coelho could barely hear her. In fact, Josey Davis Coelho could feel the vibration of her voice more than Josey Davis Coelho could hear the thing. it's intense and soon Shawna Jane Esterline was twitching and tensing and sagging at the knees. "Oh, you animal," said Shawna Jane Esterline. THey had been making love standing up and Shawna Jane Esterline slumped as Shawna Jane Esterline writhed in her throes of passion and Josey Davis Coelho held her aloft more with the turgidity of his prick than with his musckels. With the added weight, the intensity of their passion incrased and his pleasure doubled, so Josey Davis Coelho pulled out and spent himself on the floor then noticed Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey staring sardonically at the twop of them. 
	They walke dhand in hand out of the bar, entangled and separated, going their seperate ways as Josey Davis Coelho made a note of the address Shawna Jane Esterline had invited hi to earlier. 

	That night, on the broken up stairs of the fire escape, Josey Davis Coelho fiddled witht Josey Davis Coelho keys to the lock. Josey Davis Coelho had constructed a chicken wire cage over the little stoop and made the thing a home for Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey, complete with a thick cow bone for chewing and a bicg ceramic bowl of water. Noticing, that the bone was starting to dry and its former greasy sheen had vanished, Josey Davis Coelho looked apologetically at the poor hound. 
	"I know, it's not much. but we will get some money here oon, somehow," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	Josey Davis Coelho walked through the cage and locked the thing behind him, entering the apatment through the back door. The iemptly bean cans filled his rusty trash barrel and spilled over on to the sofa. His floor shouted up with creaks at his trod and the downstairs neibhbor pounded on the cieling. Josey Davis Coelho answered with a stomp and opened his cooler to look for something to top off his still empty stomach. with nothing in there for him, Josey Davis Coelho shed his jacket and made for bed. 
	Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey was barking, but a swift tap on the back door window stopped that like a switch. The image of th girl fading on his conscience, Josey Davis Coelho lay down and tried fto forget the days hapenings. every day starts with a new slate. 

	"Hey bossman," Josey Davis Coelho said to old man Treller whose greas black fingers sudged the inventory and turnover reports on his desk. Th car lot had not seen the old man work in years but the big boss was fingers were still inexplicabley sullied . 
	"You get the new purchases ready. I think you boiugt too many; our lot ain't big enought to house all these jalopies," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Well, I was hoping to arrange some kind of deal for the Pierce Arrow," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Deal? Whaddaya think w'ere running some kind of haggling bazaar here? Anyway what do you got to deal with anyway?"
	"Well, since i got the thing for next to nothing, . .," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Have you actually taken a look at that car? I do not know why you wanted the thing in the first place. That jalopy is useless," said Old Man Treller. 
	"Maybe, but the enjine is a real piece of work. Theat 1918 Pierce Arrow 66 is a monster and I was thinking if i souped the thing up, I could. .," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Buddy," interrupted Treller,"get your priorities straight. I need shit I can sell; that was what pays your wages," said old man Treller. 
	"No, listen. That engine was the fastest thing ever made for productions... 848 cubic inches of power. If i got that in my running car, I could double my running profits," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"You gonna do some more moonshine runs? Are not you thinking yo've made neought. IAfter that Baumes' Rush, I would have though you would had enough," said Old Man Treller. 
	"Yeah, I definitely had enough moonshine runs, but my debtors havent, not by a log shot. Do not rforget I owe you pelnty too," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"You think I would forget that? you are crazy," said Old Man Treller. 	
	"LAlright, then let me have the engine and I will book a trip to New Straitsvill, so to speak."
	"Nah, I was thinking you could do me a foavor. I got a source up in Newark," said Old Man TReller. 
	"Down in eNEwark," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Yeah, whatever. My cousiln lives up there and Josey Davis Coelho could use the business. That New Stratsvill stuff is too much competition. Anyway, I could use some drinking stock for myself ad i always thought that appalachian carap tastd like sulfur," said Old Man Treller. 
	"So your cousin in Newark, this guy is a big time moonshiner, then? Sshiners down in New Straits ville are cheap and that means lots of profit," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"I know what that means, but if you want that engine you are going to Newark. Where you go after that ain't my business, just so long as I get my money from you," said Old Man Treller. 
	"Alright, you've got a deal. Josey Davis Coelho spit in his palm and stuck the thing out at his boss, who just looked at the thing and nodded. "Good enough" said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	
	Josey Davis Coelho ran his hand over the rusty body of the old car, not worrying that the rust holes ight cut his thih and callused hands."You and me baby," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	Josey Davis Coelho started cleaning out the inside, careful to move back over to the low end Stude whenever bossman's door opened. Josey Davis Coelho would have to come back and work late night sto get the thing ready to go, but Josey Davis Coelho gave him self three days, and when shop closed that night, Josey Davis Coelho ripped in to the thing. 
	The body needed to stay poor, looked less obvious to the cops. If they did't realize how well the thing ran, they wouuuld not be ready for a chase. The inside on the other hand was his home away from home, and Josey Davis Coelho took special care to keep the thing comfrotabele. The plan was to lift the nice velvet seatsf from the Studibaker President and chop open the floor for more leg room. There was a plethora of junk laing in the floorboards, a bent screwdriver, reciepts written in court cursive hand, and beer cans apparently pierced by driven nails... or maybe the screwdriver. But the strangest But the thing that caught his attention was a map of Prick City in the cubby hole on the passenger side. 
	Printed sometime in the 1880s, it's wrinkled and worne, with a cigarette burn that obscured a few city blocks and no doubt out of date but that map would definitely be useful. The better Josey Davis Coelho knew the roads around here, the less likely Josey Davis Coelho was to get caught by the coppers. Josey Davis Coelho would have to study that thing. Besides, Josey Davis Coelho was going to a party tomorrow and the thing would do well to know where it's. 

	Josey Davis Coelho entered his apartment thrugh the inner stairwell, and foze when Josey Davis Coelho saw the door had been forced. Josey Davis Coelho slowly opened, the door so as not to panic the burglar ad breing about an unwanted struggle. Still, Josey Davis Coelho did not know who this might be. A burglar? A goon sent by the McCarthy was? His landlord, deciding he would collect back rent from anmong his possesions? it's best to abe prepared, so Josey Davis Coelho held a hand on the zip gun Josey Davis Coelho had made so manny hears ago. Stepping around the corner, Josey Davis Coelho heard the russtling of things in the other room stop, and knew the other person knew. The burglar was in the kitchen and Josey Davis Coelho breifly thought the burglar might run downstairs and go through the back dooor, uleashing the fury of Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey on the intruder through the back kitchen door. Btu that would give the goon a chance to escape, and Josey Davis Coelho wanted for tdamn ssure to see who this was. 
	So, gritting his teeth and keeping his shoulder forward to present a narrow target, Josey Davis Coelho stepped around the corner, zip gun in hand. 


Chapter ??: AT THE PARTY

	"I gotta get up in the morning," said shawna jane esterline into the telephone reciever. 
	""aw, come on," said Dusty Rickets on the oter end of the line. "I got me a stahe of good shit from the drive through boys."
	"YOu went to see the drive throug boys?" asked Shawna Jane Esterline, astonished.
	"Well, i didn't get them directly from the drive through boys, I got therm from... actually, just some guy."
	After a while, Shanwwa jane esterline gave in and decided to go tto the party. SHe drove up to the house where Dusty Rickets gave her the address, and heard a mix of people chatting and laughing over crackling record music. It was a burning kindle fire on the porch, the smell of the green weed flowing down onto the street. It was even noticable though her car window was barely cracked, just the corner triangle window was slightely propped open. 
	She got out of the car and elbowed her way into the house on fourth street. there were ashtrays all around and many other things used a s ash trays, bottles, cans, and bottle caps. A girl was dancing alone on the tile floor of the kitchen in her socks. she was gone, clearly and the boys of hte living room came in and took turns trying to dance with her. but she was dancing to her own song and kept running into them. A boy tried to snag her by the arm and Shana Jane esterline stepped in. 
	"May i have this dance," shawna jane esteline asked Shawna Jane Esterline.
	"Hey," said the boy, "I was daning with her. What's with you?"
	"She didn't want to dance with you," said shanwan jane esteline, esturing to Shawna Jane Esterline who kept dancing, eyes closed and sloppy durnk. 
	"What' your name?" asked th e boy?
	"Shawna. Nie to meet you." said Shanwa jane esterline
	"Wanna go out and have a smoke?" asked the boy.
	"Nope." replie dshanwan jane esteline.
	"Do you wanna go upstairs?" asked the boy.
	"I don't even know your name," said shanwan jane esterline.
	"I'm Gary," he stuck out his hand, "nice to meet you."
	"So, what do you want to do?" asked Shwan Jane esterline.
s	"If you really want to know... I wan to go upstairs and make out with you . I think you're really cute."
	"What's cute about me?" repleid shawna jane esterline."
	"Let's go out of here and I'll tell you." 
	Shanwa Jane Esterline grabbed him by the hand and led him  out to the front porch. There, they sat down and in the porh light, Shawna Jane Esterline got a good look at the boy's face. he was strong musccled with a wide jaw and deep eyes. Except for his slightly dumb look, his oafish mannerisms, both of which could have been the effect of alcohol or drugs, he was a handsome man. Shawa hadn't had a boy friend sine she dumped her freshman guy when she graduated a year ago, but she had no intntion of getting one now. She did, on th ehother hand have a burning desire to feel his body agains heres. She felt her lips tremble when she said to him...
	"You're pretty." 
	"Pretty? What' that supposed to mean? actually, maybe I should say... what's pretty about me?" said Gary.
	"I asked you first. you tell me what's cute about e and I'
l tell you what's prety about you." She said it as a kind of a challencge but it didn't feel like achallenge. It felt like friendliness or feeling around for a hint of his intentions. Thogh his intentions were pretty clear. That's what she should have told him was pretty about him. His intentions were pretty clear. 
	"Okay, he started, "I thik it's cute the way you grabbed just yu pinky finger when you pulled me oyutside. "
	"But you  said I was ute before I did that, Gaaaaary." said shawna jane esterline, stretching out the syllable far too long.
	"Details! Still, it's something that I thik is cute about you.," said Gary, " now what's pretty about me."
	"Now, I'm gonna sound shallow," said shawna Jane Esterline.
	"I can't help that, if you're shallow," said Gary.
	"I'm not shallow!" she feigned offence. 
	""Hmm.... I don't know. You'll hve to prove it." said Gary, obstinantly.
	"No." said Shawna Jae eesternline even more obstinantly.
	"Fine, he said, getting up and trotting down the stairs to the back yard. 
	s"Hey, where do you think you're going, boy?" said Shawna Jame Estdrleine.
	Gary just shrugged and she stepped up close to him, her thin frame could have fit entriely inside his . With room for a ring. and ashes. If he were a statue, she could be the armeture. He reached a hand up to her neck, brushed her skin gently under just under an ear and moved his face close to heres. 
	She pulled away and said, "I didn't tell you what I thougth was pretty about you," said Shawna Jane Esterline.
	"Well, go ahead," said Gary.
	"I thought it was pretty the way you switched your interest fro the dancing girl in the kitchen to me so smoothly," said Shawna Jane Esterline with a lopsided smile. 
	"What's that supposed to mean?" asked Gary.
	"I'm just wondering what drives you. Are you just out to get laid tonight or what?" askded shawna jane esterline.
	Gary seemed take aback. "Well... um..." he stumbled.
	"I'ts okay if you are. I kinda feel the same way right now. It's been a while for me." said Shanwan Jane Estrelien
	"Well, should we get to it then?" asked Gary.
	"No, you're drunk. It wouldn't be any fun." said shawna jane esterline.
	""Well, I don't know about that." said Gary
	"I know plenty about that, so why don't we go over to the swing there and make out, huh?" said Shawna Jane Estrline.
	"Fine by me," replied Gary.
	The night was cool but a warm breeze blew in and kept them warm when the heat of theri bodies ddidn't do the trick. His face was scratchy with a five o clock shadow, but his skin was otherwise very smooth and shanwa jane estrline sliped her tongue around his lips as thery rocked on the swing. Breathless, Gary pulled away.
	"You're so aggressive," said Gary, "I don't know who's leading who." 
	"Is taht a problem?" asked Shawna Jane Esterline.
	"No, it's just not what I'm used to." said Gary.
	"I wouldn't imageine, sicne you seem to make it a practice of hitting on drunk girls." said Shanwa jane esterline.
	"Touche," replied Gary. "anyway, aren't you drunk?"
	"Nope, I just got here," replied Shawna Jane Estrline, "I haven't had a single drop tonight. though I might hae a contact buzz."
	Gary pulled out a buck knife, yanked the dirty blade open. Shawna Jane Esterline jumped back and Gary stabbed the blade into the wood of the swing. He cut a heart and carved out its interior, but while he hollowed out the heart in the wood, Shawna Jane Esterlie felt her own heart filling with someting. She wasn't sure what. When he was done with his carving, she felt the gvooved wood with her fingertips and smiled at Gary, leaning in for another kiss. 
	"I shouldn't spend too long here tonight. I have to get up for work int he morning." said Shawan Jane Esterline.
	"Mmmm... are yo usure?" asked Gary.
	"Yup, sorry. Why don't you come over to my place tomorrow night? We can get together and do something fun." said Shawna Jane Esterline
	"Like what?" asked Gary with an evil grin.
	"I can think of a few things," replied Shawna Jane Esterline, with an even eviller grin.

>Dream sequence??? maybe she drops acid. maybe later she shares that acid with josey davis coelho
Chapter ??: MILENNA'S PERPETUAL RAIN

[THE 40,000th WORD IS IN BOLD BELOW: SCURRIED]

	Since the lamp designer had made a world fo rher, Milena enjoed wandering around it. The only thing wwrog with it was the never ending rain that sdripped from the sky. The light above was warm and bright and she wandered throught hte rain in her diorama existence. Sometimes, when she wndered the hard ground too far, she would run into the place where the rain solidified and made a cage for her, remindig her of the trap that she was in. The trap that she had been in since the fire. 
	She often wondered if we were all in our own little prison, limited byt hte ends of our senses, the perceptual misunderstandigs that made Freud think all men had the Oedipus complex, the myopia with which people thought they saw what other people were feeling, but completely failed to actually do so. It was of little consequence to her sinece she was alone, far more isolated than ayone else int he outside world. So, she contented herself with chasing the little animals that scurried thorugh the thick rain. 
	The chateau had a little water wheel that kept going over and oer again, spinnning through nothing, just paddleing air from the little hill. Millenna went into the chateau and dried herself off with her old burnt clothes. The ring of light came through a round window from the slightbulb sun outside, shining on the wall in an illusory hint at her once promised husband. What had become of him? He had died, like her. But what of his spirit? Had he become attached to the ashes made of his body? If so, was he still haunting the grounds of hte old market? What could have become of hte market since his  and her demise? Did her spirit only roam because she was trapped by Phinn in her little statuette? No, she had survived a transplant to a new one. She glance dup again at the ring on the wall. Was it the ring that boutnd her? All this time she had pondered such questions, but something was changing she felt herself growing drowsy, not just for th emoment, but a general drowsiess that made her sleep though she was already asleep in a sense. 
	Then, the world shook. She felt jostled and scared, but she held on and tried to figure out what was happening. She went outside and saw a blurry face in the distance. A slender woman with ghostly yellow hair. The face filled the sky, and not knowing what she was doing, she started to speak. No one on the outside had taken an interest in her in such a long long time that she had to do something. Even if she didn't know what was to happen.


Chapter 2 : THE RAIN LAMP
7/15/08 7:04 AM

>Because Shawna Jane Esterline has poor circulation, Shawna Jane Esterline sleeps with a heating pad and one day Shawna Jane Esterline wakes up with a burn... maybe the heating pad comes in handy later on 


	The apartment was shag carpet felt tickly on her toes. Shawna Jane Esterline licked her finger and tested the iron. Hot enough now, Shawna Jane Esterline bent over and laid her long hair out on the ironing board that was her only furnishing and ran the hot metal over the thing. The her alarm clock went off again, the snooze timer deciding Shawna Jane Esterline ought definitely to be awake now. But Shawna Jane Esterline had to finish ironing her hair before Shawna Jane Esterline could go for the button again. The annoyig waaaaaa of the alarm pierced her hungover mind. 
	Last night had been too much fun, far too much. But the boy Shawna Jane Esterline would met was fresh in her head. Gary Morgenthal Sopal was his name and he had the most penetratoing dark eyes and strong cheekbones even if his brow was a little too heavy. Work was not going to be pleasant this day, but at least Shawna Jane Esterline had that image to comfort her. After Shawna Jane Esterline finished ironing, Shawna Jane Esterline yanked th eplug out of the wall and the alarm ceased. The her apartment was more than Shawna Jane Esterline could really afford, ut Shawna Jane Esterline loved the thing and stared often at the gold foil wal paper with its little crescents of orange interspersed among little flowery thinglets. Shawna Jane Esterline had no decorations save for a wreath her mother had made out of key punch cards that Shawna Jane Esterline would collected from the accounting office Shawna Jane Esterline worked for and rolled in to cones, spraypainted silver, and punctuated by little knobs of red and green holly or mistletoe or something that was supposed to pass for such. it's a little early for a wreath, Shawna Jane Esterline would told her mother, but her mom was insistent and Shawna Jane Esterline said that anyway the years tax returns wer going through and there were tons of the erroneously programmed cards laying around from the changes in tax laws since the last year. 
	With her poor circulation, inherited from her mom, Shawna Jane Esterline hkept a heating pad around plugged in to the outlet by the door, and it's this cord Shawna Jane Esterline tripped on as Shawna Jane Esterline left, yuanking one of the tines off in the process. 	
	"Shit, Shawna Jane Esterline said, and grabbed it, thinking Shawna Jane Esterline would take the thing to wor k and replace the wire or swipe one of the newer heating pads and swap the thing out for her old broken one.  Shawna Jane Esterline would often done such htings, and when they noticed, they seemed to turn a blind eye on the "purchases". Kenny even willingly helped her snag a few office supply items on occasion, which Shawna Jane Esterline found useful in her letter writing. 

	it wasn't much of an apartment, Shawna Jane Esterline thought though it's a bitt more up scale from Raymond's. Shawna Jane Esterline thougth of the little hole in the wall that her brother occupied. the thing remined her of sitting under the stairs, hiding from their cousins when they came home to visit. it's a low cielinged closed behind all the hanging coats and hard hats pops had for his job. it's uderneath the landing where eerybody entered th eouse, and they could hear their coulsins traping on the landing over their heads while they giglgled at their little secret. it's when they were whispering in the little crawlspace that Shawna Jane Esterline accidentally co8ined his nick name at some point. Shawna Jane Esterline was whispering and tried to say "Ray" but sit cae out "Jay". Shawna Jane Esterline alled her brother Jay when Shawna Jane Esterline was that youg becaues he rind mde the most of her mistackes guessing at ther ight answer later. 
	As these things do, the name caugth on in ghe family until eeyone ws calling Raymond "Jay" and then sooner or later, it's bound to leave Josey Davis Coelho family and enter commmon parlanc among teir friends and ackquainences. 
	Soon, the name Jay morphed in to BlueJay, sinc ethere was a drive through near by where you could get beer and lacks and in spite of y alaziness, Shawna Jane Esterline knew him mainly as  round ylender, since Josey Davis Coelho was 
	
	The morning was crisp and cool and her old car started fitfully. The eight track they would listened to on the drunken drive home lurched to life, howling a barrage of southern guitar rock. it's too much, Shawna Jane Esterline popped the thing out and static radio hiss filled the void before Shawna Jane Esterline turned the ssytem off altogether. Pulling in to the lot, Shawna Jane Esterline saw a group of kids setting up a charity car wash and Shawna Jane Esterline droe up alongside htem. They were from the class of 77 and Shawna Jane Esterline recognized a couple but did not know any well enough to feel comforable speaking to them, so Shawna Jane Esterline drove past and parked in the employee section in the far part of the lot. 
	She would worked at Gold Circle since Shawna Jane Esterline was a freshman and went full time after Shawna Jane Esterline graduated a year ago, andevery day since the job had felt more and more a trap. 
	"you are working sales floor today, Shawna Jane Esterline," shouted one of Josey Davis Coelhoy assistant managers from bhind the service desk. His face was not visible behind the fake bottle bottom plastic barrier, but Shawna Jane Esterline recognized the voice as Irv, the creepier of the old men who ran the store on weekends. Josey Davis Coelho must be watching her on the security camera. 
	After moving over to security, Shawna Jane Esterline would learned to use the zoom and pitch of the cameras that scouted the high traffic areas of the store. Shawna Jane Esterline would even caught a couple shoplifters in the first week, which had netted her employee of hte month but things had been dull since September and Shawna Jane Esterline looked forward to the Thanksgiving rush. At least, as long as Shawna Jane Esterline could avoid the salesfloor during that time. Shawna Jane Esterline took her place behind the housewares counter and donned a faded gold apron. The big G inside a C emblem of the store was cracked and peeling and made her feel old. Six years in the same store, Shawna Jane Esterline was ready to move on. 
	"Hey there, did you reconsider that date yet?" it's Kenny, a pimply band geek kid three years her younger. Josey Davis Coelho would been bugging her Shawna Jane Esterline thought must have been three times a week for the last year. Shawna Jane Esterline had practically given in, since her long dry spell started, acknowledging yesterday that Shawna Jane Esterline might be free and would not mind a paid for meal for once. Shawna Jane Esterline was certain Josey Davis Coelho was giddy to be able to share a department with her today, and the thing tickled her to be able to spurn him once again through last night was good luck. 
	"Actually, I already have a date for Friday," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Aww, come on, you promised!"
	"I did no such thing," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"You said if I pay, you would be up for dinner and a movie. My friend works at the Forum and Josey Davis Coelho said Josey Davis Coelho could get us in to Earthquake for free," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Well, I guess I am not that cheap a date," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"But. .," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Okay Kenny, I have to straighten the area before managers' walkthrough," Shawna Jane Esterline said liltinglhy as Shawna Jane Esterline wandered in to the lighting aisle. 
	She would always liked lighting. its displays gave the section a warm feel that felt apart from the fluorescent lighting of the rest of the store. Shawna Jane Esterline stopped to play with a dimmer lamp with a green shade tha tlooked like a turtle. 
	Then, a sound from behind startled her and Shawna Jane Esterline spun around. There was some kind of clicking noise from the next aisle over, and Shawna Jane Esterline followed the thing. THese were the decorative lamps and th e aisle took on a fairytale feel, rain lamps dangled on either side with their oily droplets runing in waves down fishing line. Each diorama was its own world. This one was a goddess on a bed of plastic leaves, that one a clutch of bunnies huddling around the feet of a kindly old man who held out a hand to feed them. The clicking grew louder and Shawna Jane Esterline came across a lamp that did not drip. Shawna Jane Esterline lowered the thing and tapped on the extruded metal cap. The pump must have been clogged. These rain lamps had a tendency to collect dust that over time clogged the pumps that made the perpetual rain fall in their little worlds; Shawna Jane Esterline recognized this lamp, with its swiss chalet and pigtailed blond in wooden shoes as one of the older models. the thing had been here since Shawna Jane Esterline started, so it's not surprising that the thing would be the source of the clicking pump. 
	She pulled the thing down and carried the weight, heavy on her triceps, toward the housewares desk, nearly knocking Irv in to one of hte other managers as Shawna Jane Esterline rounded the corner. 
	"What are you doing with that?" 
	"Oh, it's clogged. I though I would make kenny take a look at it," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"That piece of crap was been on the floor too long. Why do not you get someone to buy the thing today," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"I do not think anybody is going to spend a dime on a clogged rain lamp," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Well, put the thing on discount then. Say twenty percent," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	She looked tat him dubiously . 
	"Fifty," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	The day drug on and the rain lamp sat untouched by Kenny or customers behind the desk and in her down time, Shawna Jane Esterline found her self staring at the diorama inside the crisscross filament cage. the blonde girl was big azure eyes seemed ready to weep though Shawna Jane Esterline was depicted happily pulling flowers. Shawna Jane Esterline was lost in wonderment at what Shawna Jane Esterline was going to do with her new apartment whne the thought struck her that Shawna Jane Esterline might want to buy the thing for her self. If Shawna Jane Esterline could convince Irv to let her take her employee discount off the fifty percent price, anyway. The day withered slowly and by the time Shawna Jane Esterline was ready to leave, Shawna Jane Esterline noticed her sweat was begining to sink. Definitely had to get a shower before calling Gary Morgenthal Sopal. 
	On the way out of the lot, Shawna Jane Esterline saw one of the car wash kids Shawna Jane Esterline would chatted with in the school library once and pulled ove to say hi. 
	"Dusty, how was the thing hanging?"
	"Long and hairy, Shawna Jane Esterline... looong... aaand... hairy. Josey Davis Coelhoy, so what was going on with your brother?"	
	"Rayond? What about him?" 
	"I dont know. I seen him hanging with some guys from the drive through," said Dusty. 
	"So what?"
	"So what? You know those guys are trouble," said Dusty. 
	"Raymond can take care of him self," said Shawna Jane Esterline. 
	"Josey Davis Coelho may be a big boy, sure as hell Josey Davis Coelho is, but you do not know what those dudes are like, girl. My cousin used to deal to them and they bought him out. Would not take no for a answer. Those guys really put the squeeze on my cuz. Josey Davis Coelho was not happy about the thing either, but they put some kinda scare in to him and Josey Davis Coelho sold all his shit and dropped outa town quick," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Well, I will give Ray a call later on and check up on him," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"You do that. So, whatcha doing Friday night?"
	"Got a date. You know Gary Morgenthal Sopal," said Dusty. 
	"Gary Morgenthal Sopal Shoal, that works over at the gas station?"
	"Yeah, that was the one," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"I do not know him, but maybe if you guys ain't got nothing going on you should swing by and check out our band. And if you want, come by tonight over at Stooges too," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Maybe Friday. I am already going out with Gary Morgenthal Sopal again tonight. I think I am gonna bring him over to my new place," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Oooh, true love, yeah?"
	She flicked him the bird as Shawna Jane Esterline drove off and Josey Davis Coelho gave her a cat call in the distance. 


Chapter 3 : FOUR HUNDRED CLAMS

	Josey Davis Coelho swung the zip gun at the stranger was surprised fadce, and the guy just bolted for the back door to the fire escape. 
	"Wait!" shouted Josey Davis Coelho. 
	But i twas too late, the door was wide and the sound of Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey tearing the intruder to shreds was echoihg through the wall s of his apatment. Dreading, Josey Davis Coelho stepped onto the fire escape, the mess was warm and acrid. I twas hard to tell that what was all over the chicken wire was a huan being just a moment ago. 
	"Good boy, Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey," said Josey Davis Coelho remoreefully. Josey Davis Coelho would better get something to clean up the mess with, so Josey Davis Coelho headed bak inside and emptied out his old trunk Josey Davis Coelho had packed at the alast minute when Josey Davis Coelho left new york. it's illed with work shoes and clothes, his father was pocket watch, once owned by a prince of Denmark. There were bottles packed with the residue fromhash pipes and a lighter made from a couple couins and a palm sized nut from one of the German tanks from the Great War. 
	Josey Davis Coelho dragged the trunk out on to the pourch and let Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey chew on a femur while Josey Davis Coelho poiled the rest o fthe bones in to the gturnk. it's a bloody pile of tissue mixed with the grime of the hundreds of boots and the dirt from the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey was paws that covered the etal grate of the fire escape. Josey Davis Coelho pulled the trunk back inside afger Josey Davis Coelho would gotten most ofth eguts and bones up of the porch and went back out with a rinky dik little dishrag to wipe down the remainder. it's then tha the noticed Josey Davis Coelho was being watched. A dark green Studebaker was running dowon the street and Josey Davis Coelho worried that the thing had been there the whole time. But if they would seen anything out of the ordinary, they were the fact tha t they were not leaving meant that they were not going to the police or th ey were associated with th elate burglar. Josey Davis Coelho sincerely hoped they had not seen anything, but Josey Davis Coelho decided to go spend hte night at th egarage anyway. 
	
	The garage was a dirty place where carse came and went and always left bits of their dust and body paint and tiny rust flecks that got all over Josey Davis Coelho's overalls and was carried ack to his apartment to dust up the place. 
	
	When Josey Davis Coelho left with the zip gun in one hand and Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey on his leash in the other hand, Josey Davis Coelho listened to the car pulling out around him and heading the opposite direction down the street. Still, Josey Davis Coelho kept a hand on the gun and his lip braced against his teeth, ready to whistle the staccato attack call. 
	The garage was underneath a speak easy, and the ticket booth was inside the back entrance to the garage, amid the rusty wheel frames and body sections. Josey Davis Coelho waved at the ticket man who waved him on. 
	The place had seen better days. There were two homely dancing girls on a tiny stage with some sleepy looking gentlemen in dusty suits sipping moonshine gimlets. A piano player and guitarist sat on an extended smoke break and Shawna Jane Esterlines danced to their own drunken drummers. 
	Then Stellar Stella caught him by the shoulder and hopped down off the sage,"Heya bimbo, what was shakin?"
	"Nothing dolly, yourself?"
	"The place has seen better days," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"That was just what I was thinking. Anybody in the card room?"
	"Yeah, Fat Jackie Stanton and the boys are at their worst tonight"
	"All fire and brimstone, huh?"
	"You would think those boys, the drinkingest smokingest gamblinest boys this side of Reno would be a little less godfearing, but hell I dont know," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Yeah, I suppose. I am going to talk to them about a run," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Goin on another run? it's been a while has not it?
	"Need the money," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Do not we all," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	Josey Davis Coelho paid the entrance fee to the bartender, Lavern, an old man with a few too few fingers and went thorugh the panel behind th ebar. There, obscured by smoke was a fat, fat man surrounded by what can only be described as animals, their hairy arms exposed by rolled sleeves, covered in more grease than even Josey Davis Coelho would be after a long day at the garage. 
	"Whaddaya want?" They were in the middle of a card game, a pile of money two fists high in the center of the table. 
	"Well, I wanted to see if whoever wins that money might like to place a wager," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"On what," said Josey Davis Coelho. The guy didn was seem interested in talking abou tanything. 
	"Well, if you are not plannin gon winning hte money, then I do not know if i have anything to say to you," said Josey Davis Coelho. 	
	"You just buy a horse or something?"
	"Not exactly. actually, i was making a run out to Newark for some moonshine. You know, keep this lousy hole of a bar in business," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Hah, they need the thing. you are in Ohio, you know. Why ain't you goin to moonshine Town?"
	"If all goes well in Newark, maybe I will have some wagers to make against a run to New Straitsville later on," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"What're you new to the busineess? How fast was your car?"
	"Do not know. I just bought the thing yesterday. I figure the odds are good for any who would care to bet against me," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"What kind of car?"
	"Studebaker President with a 1918 Pierce Arrow 66 in th eengine compartment," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	Fat Jack sat back and examined his hands. One of the monkey men whistled. 
	"Yeah, it's a good car if I can get the thing started up. Still, I do not know yet even if the thing runs," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"And I suppose if you do not get the damn thing started, the bet was off?"
	"Not at all. The bet was on me making the thing there and back with the goods. I start right here at sundown day after tomorrow, and come back by midnight," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Alright, you are on. What ou got for collateral?"
	"Not a damn thing," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	The fat lurched as Jack guffawed."No bet. You are new to this business!"
	"You wanna see the car?"
	"it was here?"
	"I work at the garage downstairs. you are sitting right above where the drivers' seat ought to be."
	"I will send the boys down," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	The three monkey men followed him to the ticket booth where Josey Davis Coelho would tied up Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey with explicit instructions not to bite anyone. it' would't do to have a repeat of this afternoon was business. The shop was all tools and parts and the car barely visible among the clutter, the boys looke dconfused but when Josey Davis Coelho showed them to the car, they gigled maniacally. 
	"That piece a shit ain't gonna make the thing across the garage. Do not even think about Newark," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Yeah, well that things gonna be ready to go in abou tforty eight hours," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Okay, start er up," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	Josey Davis Coelho obliged, feeling the spring of th edrivers waseat sicking in to his buttock. The key was a broken nub, but Josey Davis Coelho twisted the thing in his fingers and felt the metal penetrate in to his thick skin. Shawna Jane Esterline lurched and sputtered and whined and did not turn over. 
	"Alright, that was all we need to know. The bet was on we will tell Fat Jack Josey Davis Coelho ain't got nothin to fear," said th etaller of the monkey boys,"how much we bettin?"
	"Four hundred," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Four hundred clams," spurted the younges tlooking one, a black kid with an Alabama accent,"you crazy!"
	"Wait, wait wait," said the tall one,"you gonna pay up no matter how when you lose this race," said Josey Davis Coelho. Josey Davis Coelho looked sternly, sneering a buck toothed grin. 
	"No matter what I gotta do. I ca not run; you've seen my car," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Alright smartass, you are on," the tall one spat on his hand and Josey Davis Coelho did the same and they shook on the thing. 
	When they left, Josey Davis Coelho gathered his huskey and jumped in the car, saying"Just the three of us, right Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey?"
	That night was spent under the car with a pile of wrenches and screwdrivers, oil dripping in his eyes, but by dawn, Shawna Jane Esterline sputtered a nd coughed to a start. it's more a rumble than a pur, but Josey Davis Coelho thought Josey Davis Coelho could hear everry one of that 824 cubic inches. The power was tangible. The lights in the garage flickered and Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey whimpered but Josey Davis Coelho persisted. it's well in to morning when Josey Davis Coelho fiinally sat in the driver was seat and was satisfied with the result. For now. Josey Davis Coelho scollapsed in to sleep and Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey curled up in th epassenger seat and snored. 
s	Next morning, old man Treller woke him with a shout,"Whadderyou tryinta kill yerself?"
	"Huh?"
	"SLeeping in a running car? you are stupider'n'a box of nails."And get that mutt outa here," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	Josey Davis Coelho tied Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey up to the power pole behind the lot and started working on the newer cars Treller pointed out to him. Josey Davis Coelho mostly had to buff and tune them, smear white paint over the windows in prices and promises... Run was Great!... Like New!
	After work, Josey Davis Coelho started up the Studebaker once more and was not disappointed. then went outback and took Jack back home to clean him self up for th eparty. Josey Davis Coelho would nearly forgotten, ad Josey Davis Coelho did not know what Josey Davis Coelho was going to do about clothes. Josey Davis Coelho started the car and drove home for the first time. 
	She gave him sugar kisses
>Sugar kisses

>Maybe Josey Davis Coelho was black and when Josey Davis Coelho was having sex with Victoria Marie Buckley, Shawna Jane Esterline says "you animal" and Josey Davis Coelho replies that Josey Davis Coelho was no animal... this could be the begining of conflict between the two... Shawna Jane Esterline might eventually betray him

Chapter ??: BLUE JAY AND SHAWNA IN THE SNOW

	She remembered the last time Shawna Jane Esterline and Jay had conversed for more than a few words, the last winter when the blizzard had hit and stopped the whole city. 
	The drifts of snow blocked the front door to the house, covering the entire door frame. There were wisps of snow blown against the window, but the large drift strangely prevented the bulk of snow from accumulating in the window sils like Shawna Jane esterline would normally expect. 
	"Jay!" Shawna Jane Esterline shouted, "Give me a hand with the door."
	She heard him troppming down the stairs and ariving on the landing behind her. 
	"Call me by my real name and I will," Josey Davis Coelho said. Shwana had grown up calling him Jay because as a child, Shawna Jane Esterline couldn't say his real name properly. 
	Josey Davis Coelho pushed past her ad opened the door, pushing a cleft into the snow drift and clearing a path around the corner of the drift, through the bushes that lined the front of the house. 	
	"There you go," Josey Davis Coelho said and opened the door for her.
	s"Thanks," Shawna Jane Esterline mumbled as Shawna Jane Esterline went through the bushes to the outside yard. The whole of the neibhorhood was coated in a thick blanket of white, eery angle was sofened by the snow and still more snow was coming down. Shawna Jane Esterline headed toward her car and suddenly felt a snow all hit her in the back of the head, and the coldness fell down her collar, chilling her briefly before shw turned arnound and gathered a ball to lob at Jay. Shawna Jane Esterline turned aroud to throw it, but was hit in the neck by another snow ball. In the opening, Shawna Jane Esterline managed to smash Jay right in the face with the ball, obscuring his smile and wiping it right off his face. 
	Jay jumped over the bushes and ducked behid a knee high drift in the front yard and Shawa Sjane Esterline fortified her positiont by getting behid her car. Rapidly, Shawna Jane Esterline lumped snow together, it was the perfect consistency to make a nice compact ball ad Shawna Jane Esterline made several to get her started, then Shawna Jane Esterline started lobbing them blindly at Jay, ducking the incoming snow balls and slipping on the ice.
	The driveway was covered in a thin sheet of ice and sleet that reminded her of the glass on the wall of the liing room. Jay had taken the mirrors down wone day and her parents had made hi put them back up. He said that he couldn't stand seing his reflection, and at the time, she couldn't understand why, but now Shanwa jane estreline saw it in his face when he feigned anger as he got hit by a snowball she lobbed. His cheeks were deeply lined for a boy of only twenty two. His eyes carreied bags and he had a gray pallor to him that she would later worry that she was developing herself. His activities had become more and moe secreted away from his family of late and she had her suspiciouns why. but for the moment, she was just concerned that she saw  him less and less frequently. He would come in nights, spitting and cussing about various people whose names she didn't know but she bet she would know their faces if she saw them. They were the faces that se saw outside the highg school daily when she was in school and they were the faces that haunted the drive through on the corner where Jay spent many of his days these days.
	She was running out of snow on the little drift shthat had formed by the wheel well of her pontiac LTD. So, she made a rush for the front of the car, that was now piled high with a pillow of snowfall that stacked high above the antennna on the big car. Here, she found the snow drier and less suitable to snowball makiing, but she tried anyway, only to have her balls split apart thourgh the air and calve into little snow balllets that didn't reach even halfway to her target. Finally though, at the bottom of the snow, she found a bit of moistened snow that made a large slushy ball which she raised high over her head in her gloved hand. Her aim was spot on, but ash she went to launch it, she took a snowball hard in her eyes. It burnt in a way that water shouldn't, and she felt little particles under her eyelids. The dirty snow ran from her face and tears sprang from her eyes in a fount. Suddenly, the snowball fight was over and her brother came to her, wiping the dirty snow and slush from her cheeks, which cshe could feel were pink and burning with pain. 
	"Shawna, sorry I didn't mean," stuttered Blue Jay
	She tried to say, it's alright, it was an accident, but all that came out was a bawling howl. SHe was more upset that this cry upsset her beloved brother than she was at the pain that was her face right now. She felt the acne on her lower cheeks itching and hurting where the snow had aggrivated them. But she could no more articulate her thougths right now than she could see the sun thorugh her puffy eye lids. 
	Jaye put an arm around her shoulder and brought her inside, where he padded her face with a cottony towel that left lint which itched but felt much better than the pain that coated her face moments ago. 
	"Aww, you're bleeding," whispered Blue Jay, "I'm so sorry."
	"It's alright, it's not your fault," she finally managed.
	SHe reached up and felt her cheeks where ther acne itched and hurt and pulled her ifingers away to see that one of her zits was indeed bleeding. This was an embarrasment, but Blue Jay was already back from the hall closet with the little bottle of crimson red mercurochrome liquid. It was a stringent antibiotic that she had deared as a child for the pain it inflicted on contact was far worse than any injury that might be assuaged by the stuff. She tried to push Blue Jay's hand away from the wound, but he wouldn't have it. The mercurochrome would leave a pink stain on her skin that looked almost like blood in an unnaturally brightr hue. He applied the liquid and the sting pierced her cheek, running along a nerve that felt like it went straight into her jaw bone. She shrieked and pulled away. 
	She knew he meant well, but she couldn't hold the bitterness out of her voice.
	"God, Jay," she whined, "what are you doing, how am I goin to go to school looking like this." s
	She looked in the bathroom mirror and saw a monster, stiffened hair from the dirty melted snow and streaks of tears down her cheeks that shone bright red with he rflushed pale skin, but not as bright as the blobby stain of the mercurochrome on her pimples, which now seemed to stick out like mountains from her skin. 
	She hid herself in her room all th enext day, and preteded to be sick, whcih wasn't much of a stretch since she had developed a cough over the long night. She sat in bed and felt her ear start to ache. Soon, the fake sicknesss developed a reality that had her sniffling and coughing and sputtering in bed all the next two days. School was already out that day, as it turned out, on account of hte blizzard. But what had all the other kids home playing in the snow and making unrealistically tall snow men had her alone in her room with her radio. 
	Between waking and sleeping, she did't know how long she was confined to her room, but the time she spent sick was punctuated by periodic visits from her brother. He looked at her with guilt, but it was more than guilt that made his face less and less beautiful day by day. It was his life that was doing something to him that sapped that self same life away. Every time he ame in to visit her, he smelle dmore and more like cigarette butts and his smile became less and less pronounced and his eyes more ad more dim. By the time she was well enough , supped on thick fluidy chicken soup whith an oily blotch on the surface from where the "golden egg" that her mother dropped in to make the stuff more full boddied hadn't melted all the way. With her spoon, she would drag the little pussey lump off to the side of the bowl ad leave it there, to be washed in her mothers new dishwasher upstairs, which when it rinsed the dishes with scaldig hot water made an unbearable sound in her room, directly below the kitchen. The pain in her head from the sinus infection an dear infections that she had deeloped was magnified by this sound and its accompanying vibration which shook her bed and her head and her whole body, wracked with aches. 
	When one day, Blue Jay entered to put a cool wet rag on her head, his fingers were bitter with cigarette smoke and she coughed as he lay the rag over her forehead from the smell of it not from the cold that she had. She shivered and the sensation seemed to travel right to her stomach, lostening the already weak grip she had on her food, ad she let it all go in a great heave all over the floor and on Blue Jay's converse shoues. 
	"Aw, goddamnit," he shouted. 
	"Im' sorry," she said but immediately wen tinto another heave that went all oer her bedsheets and onto the carpet of the bedroom. 
	"Maaa," shouted Blue Jay and he rmother came tromping down the stairs with the heavy and purposeful steps of a parent with a child ill.
	Blue Jay left the room and he rmother sat on the bed, pulling up the sheets from off Shawna's body. SHe pield the sheets on the floor on the vomit that covered the pink carpeting. 
	"now jus thold still, honey. It's alright." said her mother in a soothing motherly voice.
	but with the sheets off her and the itchy stick of the vomit coating her arms and belly, she was cold and started to shake in place, each wiggle of the shivver bringing more pain in her head and muscles. She curled up and wanted to die and he rmother carried her thin body to the downsairs bathroom where she prepared a bath for her daughter. 
	The steam filed the room ad her lungs and felt soothing but her skin itched badly and she was thankful when mom put he rinto the tub, the hot water a little too hot, ubt feeling of cleansing a wish come true. She sat still in the water, then after the aches in he rmuscles died out a bit, she sank below the water, closing her eyes and just enjoying the red of the bathrooom light shining through her eye lids and the water encompasssing her pain. She staid under water until her breath gave out, then she slowly let the air out of her lungs in little bubble sthrough the water. And when she could stand it no longer, when her lungs were completely empty of air, she sat up and enjoyed th ecool air on her face. Her ears were plugged with water, but tilting her head side to side, Shanwa Jae Esterline felt the ticke and heard the pop of water draining form her aural canals. It was wonderful and soothing and she arched her back and heard itr crack and creak and it inspired her to crack her knuckles, and stretch too long dormant muscles in her arms and legs and feet, and if any body were there to watch her, she was certain that she would look as though she were writhing in pain, but it was pure pleasure as she felt the blood return to the cramped muscles of her body. 
	When she was finished, she felt well enough to convey her self back to her room, wher ea warm bed waited, covered with freshly washed and dried sheets and a comforter knitted by her great grandmother in Iowa. It was sent to her when she was only six or seven, so it was a little short and her feet stuck out, colder than the rest of her body. But mother had left a little heating pad by the door of her room, which she thankfully grabbed and plugged into the socket where her lap was plugged in. As she plugged it in, she jostled the lamp's outlet and the bulb popped, leaving the room in darkness except for th emoon light that shone in form the window. 
	The night penetrated her body and she stayed warm under the covers, letting her eyes stick shut and her mind wander until she wasn't sure if she was in dream or awake. She expreienced the sensation off alling, and jerked, waking herself instantly. But she was able to shake it off and head back into sleep almost conscouisly. Then, on the border of sleep and wakefullness, she wandered off into dream of being in the courtyard at school, the bell tower of the old building stretching high into the sky. The courtyard was filled with melting snow, and portions of the trees were showing green thourgh it all. 
	She sat down on a bench htat should have been wet, but it felt warm and the snow she reasoned must be warm too. She reached out and grabbed a handfulll that felt just like cotton candy. And when she tasted the snow, it had a long, cool melt in her mouth that swetened her tongue and lips as though it were a very light candy, almost nothing. 
	There was a bird in the tre, a brilliant blue thing that was as bright as the sky or the silvery marker that she used to label her recorded eight trak casssettes. It was iridescent and she got th efeeling that it might be Blue Jay. ut it whistled a song that she recognized. It wasn't really the right tune, but it some how was the same tune she remembered playing as a flotist in middle school band. Some waltz from the waltz king. She waved at the bird and it flitted down, glancing thorugh her hair and he rskin tickled and then she awoke, feeling as though she was still in that court yard some how. 

>what indications do we get here of jay's involvement with drugs?
>What parts of shawna jane esterline's character do we learn more about here? 
>Jay teaches Shawna some lesson. What is it? 


Chapter ?: IN THE WAKE OF THE DREAM

[THE FIFTY THOUSANDTH WORD BELOW IN BOLD IS: in AND I'M FINISHED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!]

	The german lady was a friend of her mother's. She went to a stodgy crat bazaar at the church with her mom one year and there, she saw some of the most amazing piees of work she ha ever seen in her life. they wer tall, drawn up ases decorated with the strangest crystallized glazes like flowers or sowflakes spreading out huge over the surface of the wares, eah crystal growing into another like lichens. The lady spoke in a thick accent. She was old and she had come form germany in her youth, Shawna Jane esterline gathered. Though she had been here for a long, long time, her accent was still thick. She was from Bavaria, some lare state in the souh of West Germany. 
	They talked a while at the bazaar and the West German lady said how she had com eher to work on her pottery and that she had never married. This wasa  shock to Shawna Jane esterline, who had always thought that marriage was some sort of gien of a girl. She asked the woman abou ther life, always pryng eeper and it was likely that Shawna Jae esterline prevented some sales at the booth, but her wares were high priced and it tididn't take much to keep her in business, said the german lady. Her teeth were large ad happy and she smile an almost ugly smile that was disconceting in its sincerity. 
	Shawna wanted to learan allt here was aobut this craft, and she started asking aobut how she plyed her wares and made the clay do what she wanted it to do. It was exhiliarating, Shawna suspected to the lady as it was to her. to have someone take an iterst in your work, said the lady, was one of the chiefest joys of life. So, it was that Sawna got an ivitation to join her at work ad see her workshop and how things got made.
	Oe dim evening in th early autumn, shawna jane esteline was dropped off by her mother outside the elementary school where the german lady tougth. The back room was dusty, and the wheel that the german lady worked on was rickety and powered by the rockin of a foot. But the lady let shawna jane estrline sit down at it. Shawna as still oyugn enough at that time that she had trouble reahing the "paddle"(?). But she had a sense of timing that came from studying music at a young age, and the german lady seemed well pleased with her ability to keep the wheel rotating evenly and smoothly, and she helped shawna jane esterline to land the wad of clay that tey had kneeded and pounded until all the bubbles were out after it had ome out of the pig, the ram press, or the pig as the old german woman called it. 
	The wad of clay was difficult to center and kept sliding out of place, but on her fourth attempt, Shawna got t centered on her own without the german lady's help. She was happy to get her thumb in the center of bhe blob, a huge muddy gumdrop of clay spinning on the wheel, and se was happier still to see it baloon out into a ase or bowl wih the slight appleid pressure of her thumbs. The thing took shape so easily and she enjoyed the feel of the slippery slip on her had sad oozing between her fingrs. The grman lady seemed to look favoably on her as she did it, but soon, Shawna Jae Esterline foud her skill waverig.
	"Now this is the hard part," said the german lady in her thick accent. You have to keep it just right, or else..." the german lady tailed off when Shawna Jae Esterline stuck he thub full through the wall of the heightening vase. She frowned and looked at the wrinkled pile of lay that sit before her. But the german lady just told her to go on and keep up with it htis time, "just force it bak it  shape again and from th gummi drop, you can make a new vase. "
	So, shawna felt her hands juggering and jumping all ve rthe surface, and the lump of lay was accidentally pulled free of its weheel by her hands, leaving notig buth  a slipper y suface coated in slip and chunks of clay. Still, she managed to get the thing back on the wheel after drying it a bit, and she started to form the thing into a pot again, and this time she didn't let it get too thin, instead she let it stand in all its imperfet glory and went at it hard, trimming lines in the outside as the german lady had shown her, poking a needle into the clay from her hands. The vessel she made was bulbous and roud, with a big empty belly ready to be filled wth something, it seemed. 
	But beffffore that was possible, the old german woman showed her how to ut the vase from the wheel with a wire. The vase would have to sit overnight at least in the greenware locker that lined the opposite walll of th workshop. It was iwth reluctance that she lef teh workshop that night to go back hoe to her mother's house. 
	She had a talk over dinner with her mother about her father. They had married young and father didn't spend much time at home, instead he worked as an electrician in the southern states of the country, traveling most of the time, and notne of his two kids go to see  him more than twice a year or so unless they made a special trip when mother had exess money, which was never. 
	She asked he r mother ove rdinner, witht he autius ee of Blue Jay over them goth why she had married their father since he wasn' around ever. She didn't know how to answer that, but she said that she was , after some plying to get it out of her, she said that Jay, or Raymond of course was already on the way and they had to marry since her mother didn't have insurance o fher own. So, they married, and it was fine because they loved eacho ther and he was willing to do anthing to keep his little family going. 
	Shawna Jane esterline said she didn't think she wanted to ahave a husband ever, and certainly didn't want children. Her mother was aghaast, and her brothe just giggled. But shawna jane esterline went on to explain that the gemran lady seemed happy and had a life of her own without having to worrry about a family . It seemed a hassle to Shawna Jane Esterline, from what she could see of their own family, ad she told he rmother that over inner that night. 	
	Anyway, said shawnal to her mother and brother, I'm learning ermamics myself tso that I can bee free and independant like Frau Leitner, as she was known to her students, or Anett as she was known to Shawna Jane Esterline. 
	She didn't understand when her mother made some excus  that she had to go to J C Penny's to buy some stuff that night instead of going to the workshop at the old elementary schoool liek she wanted to do. SHe had the telephone number of the school, that she had peeled off with a sticker stuck on the brick wall outside the office, and she called it from a pay phone with her lunch money the net day after school, from the gas statoin wher eOscar always gave her a handful f Spree when she went over to buy some other type of junk food. 	
	When she asked the office attendant whether Frau Leitner was in, she was corrected, Miss Leetner, said the woman on the other end of the line. "Miss, said the woman, "would oyu believe that? Forty something and still unmarried, I tell you she must be loose. It's none of my business thought." 
	After this little tirade ad a wait on hold, Shawna's quarter ran out ad she had to trun back into the gas station and buy a Zero bar for change. She baught a jolley rancher stick and some candy cigarettes too while she was at it. When she popped the quarter in th pay phone and got back through to th esecretary at the elementary school, she sounded annoyed, but connected her right away to Frau Leitner after Shawna Jane Esterline complained that she only had one more quarer now that she had spent her whole lunch money on candy. 
	When frau Leittner got on the line, she was pleased to hear from Shawna Jane Esterline, even if she was a bit confused about why she would be calling. 7:04 AMhe good Frau agreed to pick her up afte rschool that day and give her a lesson in firing and glazing, not to mention letting her finish her pot that nitght. 
	When she go there, she hopped happily into the V W wagon and had a little chat about what it meant to be a woman in america and in germany and elsewher ein the world and in different times. Frau Leittner said that Europe was a bit more enlightened aobu women's issues than the united statew was, but that he own country of germany maybe was an excepttion to that rule. 
	Why was it, shawna jane esteriie asked that a woman was expected to marry? Frau Leittner said that the same was true o men, and mentioned that her nephew, Torsten was consantly gettig bugged by his mother, Frau Leittner's sister, about when he would have a grandchikd for her. The thing is, people seemed to find children to be communal property, not something enjoyed and honored by one parent or two, but by the whole family, and further the rest of the society. Shawna didnt understand this, because she saw clearly that a person could certainly gai much more in life when they had only themselves to worry about.
	Well, be that as it may, replied Fau Leittner, if it weren't for the breeeding population, it would be nix for the species. Humanity, she meant. Shawna wasn't sure she understood what Frau Leittner was talking about, but she let her drive in silenc ethe rest of the way to the elementary school.
	When they got there, Fraul eittner let her eplore the range of glazes available to her for her work. She had sample tiles of glazes that were sometimes shiny and bright colored like the cadmium yellow and iron red, and others that were flatt, "matte" said Frau Leittner, and dark and smoky. These were the ones that drew Shawna's attention most. She trimmed her vase witht ht eheplp of frau leittner and soothed out its surace, then cut a littl egroove in the bottom of the thing and carved her name in the green ware vase. The two of them put the vase into the kiln and fired it up. 
	The thing would take the rest of the evening to fire, but instesad of dropping Shawna Jane Esterine off at home, they continue theri conversation about womanhood and what htey wanted out of life. Frau Leitner said that she felt the same way about life, that how could she concentrate on what she wanted to do with her life when there were som man y obligations that came from haing a family ad children throu which she would have to live vicariously - a new word to shawna jane esterline - which meant that she would have to live through her children rather than liveing her own life, which is wha tshe had seen so many of hter West German friends do. All thei dreams collapsed of their own weight, and the responsibility of success lain on the shoulders of the next generation. How could anybody accopmlish anything if it was always put off to the next generation to do? Shawna spent th enight at Frau Leittners's immaculate little apartment in the near south side. The area was run down and dirty, but shawnal oved the brick buildings and Frau Leittner had done well with the interior of her apartment, it was a lovely little warm home in there and Shawna hoped she'd have something like it to show for her life some day. 
	shawna walked up to the bedroom windae that night, looked out on the stars and the orange glow of the sodium vapor lights barely blotted the edge out at this little dark patch of town. The rain came down hard that night and there was a pounding on the window that drenched the sill, leaking dirty water onto the floor and the bed, and when shawna found her pajamas to be wet, she like a child mouch oyounger than her actual age, crawled into bed with Frau Leittner and curled up next to the old woman, who embraced her in a motherly hug. There, they lay in warmth together utnil the morning.

>who's her mentor? she's got some aspiration to do something and Shawna Jane Esterline doesn't hae the means to do the thing.
>who did Shawna Jane Esterline get to know that let her see the things Shawna Jane Esterline wanted to do when Shawna Jane Esterline went out on her own?
>was it jay or one of his friends? Shawna Jane Esterline had a mentor of some kind and Shawna Jane Esterline wants to persue a certain path but...???	

Chapter 4: BLUEJAY'S TREE

[some where IN HERE, GET THE NICKNAME BLUEJAY IN... BETTER YET GET the thing IN AT SOME EARLIER POINT... EitHER RAY GETS CHANGED TO JAY (Shawna Jane Esterline's CHILDHOOD MISPRONUNCIATION?) ... OR HIS NAME was GOT TO BE CHANGED TO JAY]
	Shawna Jane Esterline drove to where Shawna Jane Esterline still thought of as home even after Shawna Jane Esterline moved out last month. Mom was in, watching Password on the old wooden floor model, and asked if the shower was working, giddily announing her new friend was name. Gary Morgenthal Sopal, Shawna Jane Esterline rolled the thing around on her tongue. 
	"You think that was a nice name, mom?"
	"Good enough. Is Josey Davis Coelho the marrying kind?"
	"Jeez mom, I just met him yesterday," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"You need to find yourself a good older man with a job. What does Gary Morgenthal Sopal do?"
	"I do not know, I did not ask," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Well, what're you going to do tonight? Is Josey Davis Coelho paying?"
	"We will probably just go out and walk by the creek. it's a nice night. Probably wo not get a chance to enjoy this weather again this year," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Be careful, the neighborhood was not what the thing used to be."
	"Well, I do not know what it's when you moved here, but this is the neighborhood I grew up in and I think I can handle myself around here. I got street smarts," said Josey Davis Coelho. 	
	"Does not seem to be doing Raymond any good," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"What do youi mean?
	"Have not you seeen him lately? Your brother was got two black eyes. Second time this month," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"I will check up on him. You know Josey Davis Coelho hangs with a rough crowd. I am sure Josey Davis Coelho was fine though, Josey Davis Coelho was one of them," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"No son of mine is one of theim, I do not care if Josey Davis Coelho wants to hang out with those fucking punk kids, Josey Davis Coelho was still my boy and Josey Davis Coelho will have a lot worse than a couple black eyes if Josey Davis Coelho does not get out of that scene," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"it was harmlss. Josey Davis Coelholl, those guys hurt htemselvs just dancing. Nothing that Josey Davis Coelho wo not recover from in a week or two," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Yeah, well take yoiur shower and tell this Gary Morgenthal Sopal to watch his back. you are my only daughter and I do not plan to be any less of a mom to you just because you are younger than Raymond," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"God, mom you are so parinoid," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	She left mom to her gameshow and stripped down to shower. Shawna Jane Esterline looked at her self in the mirror and frowned at her boobs. The her hopes atsixteen that Shawna Jane Esterline would eventually grow something more than beestings had been dashed in the lasst two years and Shawna Jane Esterline was glad Shawna Jane Esterline had good make up skills to make up for what her body lacked. Shawna Jane Esterline thought Shawna Jane Esterline should have laid out more this summer. All her friends spent their afternoons smeared with motor oil naked in their fenced back yards, but Shawna Jane Esterline did not have a fence for privacy so Shawna Jane Esterline stayed white all year around. Shawna Jane Esterline ran the shower and steam thankfully blotted out the image in the mirror. 
	The warm water on her skin felt like melted butter and her bones seemed to melt too. On a whim, Shawna Jane Esterline flipped the drain plug closed and laid down in the rising water. The her own shower cooled off too quickly and had low water pressure and Shawna Jane Esterline had no tub to indulge in. it's relaxing and Shawna Jane Esterline felt sleepy, letting her eyes droop Shawna Jane Esterline did not realize Shawna Jane Esterline had blanked for more than a second. Suddenly, the splash of water hitting th pebble tiled floor woke her. 
	"Shit," said Josey Davis Coelho. Shawna Jane Esterline lurched to shut the water off and in the process spilled twice as much on the floor than would otherwise have gone. 
	She released the drain and threw the towel over the puddle Shawna Jane Esterline would made. While the water ran out the drain, Shawna Jane Esterline soaped up, paying close attention to her armpits and privates. The feeling of her fingers down there was enticing especially with the image of Gary Morgenthal Sopal was stubbly face but sharp features in her mind. it's hard for her to avoid it, but Shawna Jane Esterline stopped short of masturbating there in the tub. Shawna Jane Esterline wanted to save orgasm for later... hopefully, anyway. The slight sexual high left her giddier even than before, and Shawna Jane Esterline submerged her self , feeling as though Shawna Jane Esterline was sinking in to Gary Morgenthal Sopal was embrace. 
	sAfter Shawna Jane Esterline was clean and made up, her hair pulled back with bobby pins, Shawna Jane Esterline pulled on her tightest pair of jeans and a tube top. Shawna Jane Esterline flicked her nipples to make sure they were visible thourgh the fuzzzy shirt. At least Josey Davis Coelho could tell Shawna Jane Esterline was a female in this outfit. Shawna Jane Esterline pulled the bottom of the shirt through the neck and tied the thing between her breasts. Cute, Shawna Jane Esterline thought. 
	She slipped out of the house efore mom could comment on th getup. Gary Morgenthal Sopal was supposed to meet her at her apartment in fifteen minutes, just long enough for her to get there and straighten up her minimal belongings. Shawna Jane Esterline wondered if Josey Davis Coelho ws a good kisser, but her mind kept going back to the rain lamp Shawna Jane Esterline saw at work. The smile of the swiss girl made her jealous. 
	Gary Morgenthal Sopal announced him self with a shave and a haircut knock on her door. Shawna Jane Esterline answered with a two bits knock and opened the door with a big smile. 
	"Hey, girl!"
	"Hey, boy!"
	They grabbed each other by the hips and Shawna Jane Esterline pulled back a second when Josey Davis Coelho tried to kiss her, then when Josey Davis Coelho would given her a confused look, Shawna Jane Esterline dove in, tongue and lips blazing. Josey Davis Coelho aswered her passsion with his own, his tongue exploring the space between her teeth and lips. the thing tickled and made her hornier than Shawna Jane Esterline had been even in the tub earlier on that night. 
	"So, what do you want to do?" Shawna Jane Esterline asked him. 
	"I was thinking we could go check out a band tonight but I am kinda broke. Maybe we could just sneak in to a movie?"
	She thought about making Kenny get her in to the Forum, but did not want to deal with the political fallout at work. Kenny was in good with Josey Davis Coelhoagers, especially Irv, and they could make life hell if they felt like the thing. 
	"Maybe we could just walk down to the woods?" Shawna Jane Esterline suggested. 
	Josey Davis Coelho seemed pleased with that suggestion, but Josey Davis Coelho said Josey Davis Coelho wanted to swing by a friend was house before they go out. So, they left her place in Gary Morgenthal Sopal was Oldsmobile. The Olds ran smooth and Shawna Jane Esterline asked if Josey Davis Coelho worked on the thing a lot. 
	"Yeah, whenever I can. Shawna Jane Esterline was my baby," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"But I wanna be your baby," said Shawna Jane Esterline. 
	With an evil grin, Josey Davis Coelho leaned over and kissed her, letting the car veer over the line. They arrived at his friend was house, a dilapitated red and white split level with columns out front, and Gary Morgenthal Sopal told her to wait while Josey Davis Coelho ran in for"just a sec," said Josey Davis Coelho. WHile Shawna Jane Esterline sat in the car, Shawna Jane Esterline watched lights turn on and off through the house as the shadows went from one room to another. Shawna Jane Esterline used her bic to light her face while Shawna Jane Esterline touched up her makeup with the stash in her purse. 
	Gary Morgenthal Sopal came back out of the house with a thumbs up and got in the car. 	
	"I scored some bud, baby," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Yee ha, you wanna go out down by the creek and smoke? it's such a nice night tonight. Shit, I forgot. We could go back to my house. I got a six pack of Little Kings we could take out there too," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Killer, let was go," said Josey Davis Coelho. 	
s	They went back and got caught up in hte moment at the door. After exchanging more saliva, they lit up and shared a llung full of in toxicating smoke in a deep kiss. Before long, they were rolling on the foam matrress Shawna Jane Esterline kept on the floor. Gary Morgenthal Sopal was strong and smelled like a mechanic. Josey Davis Coelho had little scars all over his arms from welding sparks Josey Davis Coelho suffered while working at the garage on Crestview. 
	She kissed his strong biceps, running her tongue along hte veins and scars and feeling hte pot kick in. Soon, they were two expanses of skin under the sheet, swaying together as one. Shawna Jane Esterline had not gottten laid in months and Shawna Jane Esterline sighed when Josey Davis Coelho entered her. The thrust of Gary Morgenthal Sopal was hips carried her back and forth on the bed, the pressure of his cock and his pelvis an irresistible force on her own pelvis. Shawna Jane Esterline would left the window open and the slight chill made her skin prickly and her whole body shook everytime his pecks brushed her nipples. 
	The phone rang. Gary Morgenthal Sopal timed his thrusts to the timing of the rings and they were lost in sex. The phone stopped ringing and then resumed several thrusts later. Again, they played the thing off as a metronome for their lovemaking. But the third time, Gary Morgenthal Sopal was thrown off and Shawna Jane Esterline bit her lip and, giving a pained look, picked up the reciever with Gary Morgenthal Sopal still inside her, his breathing causing a minimal continuation of the motions of sex. 
	"Shawna Jane Esterline," the voice on the phone was not familiar at first. it's a cracking, forced sound like a boy in puberty, but unmistakably female. 
	"Who is this," Shawna Jane Esterline asked. 
	"it was your mother," said Josey Davis Coelho. And Shawna Jane Esterline was bawling. 
	"What was the matter?"
	"Raymond... Josey Davis Coelho... did you try to talk to him today?"
	Shawna Jane Esterline had to admit Shawna Jane Esterline had not. Shawna Jane Esterline did not say so, but Shawna Jane Esterline would been too preoccupied with her thoughts of Josey Davis Coelho whose weight now pushed their bodies together on the cheap bed. 
	"What was wrong?"			
	"Your friend Kenny found him in the woods by Big Walnut Creek. Josey Davis Coelho ... o Jesus... Josey Davis Coelho was hanging upside down with his... oh my god, Shawna Jane Esterline, they cut off his head!"


Chapter 5: ONE PIECE AT A TIME
7/15/08 7:04 AM

	The party was a swank affair, and Josey Davis Coelho was decked out in the duds his father used ot wear in royal court festivals, at once overdressed and out of place here at the penthouse by Broad and High. Victoria Marie Buckley looked beautiful and elegant, a short velvet gown with tassles and a minimalist tiara highlighting her blonde curls. There were faces here Josey Davis Coelho would seen in the newsboys hands on the streetcorners. Wine was poured moment by moment and Josey Davis Coelho had to admit several times that Josey Davis Coelho was a teatotaler. Victoria Marie Buckley was continuously on the arm of one man or another, and Josey Davis Coelho waited his turn patiently, standing queetly in the corner waiting for an opportunity to approach her. Josey Davis Coelho was approached by a group of social butterflies, young flappers who chirped and pecked at their hors d'ovres. They approached as though they were ready to talk to Josey Davis Coelho, but when they got withign arms reach, they backed off and closed their own circle. 
	There, behind the flappers was Victoria Marie Buckley, jsut saying goodby to some departing folks, and Josey Davis Coelho stepped in. 
	"Why hello big boy," Shawna Jane Esterline said,"glad you could make it," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"I would not have missed the thing for hte world. What was the occasion?"
	She gave him a pained look and put a hand on his arm, but suddenly turned her attention to a nearby gentleman."Joseph, I would like to introduce you to Allen, my fiancee," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	Josey Davis Coelho accepted the next wine Josey Davis Coelho was offered, and the next and the next. Soon, the thing seemed, the party was clearing out and Josey Davis Coelho wandered down to his car. A wind blew the trees along Broad street, and as Josey Davis Coelho was getting ito the driver was seat, Victoria Marie Buckley ran up alongside and asked if Shawna Jane Esterline could hop in. 
	"Okay, I know you are surprised," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"To say the least. What, is this a marriage of convenince or something?" 
	"allan was an interesting person, you would like him," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"YEah, well I would like anybody right now," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Where you going?
	"Clin tonville. Do you want me to drop you off some where?"
	"We will see. s"
	Josey Davis Coelho drove and they were silent most of the way, then when they got to his apartment, Josey Davis Coelho asked if Shawna Jane Esterline would like to come in. Shawna Jane Esterline bit her lip and said that maybe the thing would be better if Shawna Jane Esterline goes back to her girlfriend was house, just a few blocks up the road. Josey Davis Coelho nodded and Shawna Jane Esterline gave him a long, soft kiss before Shawna Jane Esterline walked in to the night. The green car was parked outside the fire escape again and Josey Davis Coelho saw a trail of cigarette smoke coming out th ewindow. 
	Josey Davis Coelho noticed the map Josey Davis Coelho would found in the glove box the other day had been kicked out of the car, and tucked ut under his arm then went upstairs. As soon as Josey Davis Coelho opeened the door, the stench hit him. Josey Davis Coelho would forgotten about the body and had not put the thing on ice. The bones barely fit in to the ice box, and Josey Davis Coelho had to bust the spine to get the thing in. The chunk of vertebra bounced onto the flloor and Josey Davis Coelho picked the thing up, washed the thing in the sink. it's a hand sized chunk and Josey Davis Coelho had the notion to lob the thing at the watcher out back. Josey Davis Coelho would sure as hell have to figur eout what that was all about anyway sometime soon. But for now, his problem was getting the body out without anyone noticing. 
	Josey Davis Coelho tossed the vertebra and caught it, and had an idea. Returing to the body, Josey Davis Coelho dusted off the butchering skills Josey Davis Coelho would developed as a boy on his mother was Virginia farm. The meat and giblets Josey Davis Coelho put on ice and the bones Josey Davis Coelho stuck back in to the trunk. Josey Davis Coelho filled Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey was bowl with slices of tenter belly flesh and stuck a rib in each of his boots, a vertebra in each pocket, and then walked out his front door. 
	When Josey Davis Coelho glanced back, Josey Davis Coelho saw a man in a long coat following him, so Josey Davis Coelho crossed the street in to an alley between two tallish buildings and waited. Josey Davis Coelho watched the street and saw the green Stude pass by. A moment later, the goon turned the corner in tot Josey Davis Coelho allley and Josey Davis Coelho grabbed him by the collarbone and lifted him against the brick wall. 
	"Who sent you?"
	"Jo... jo. .," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Jones? You one of Boss Jones' goons?"	
	"No... no... Josey Davis Coelho!"
	"What the?" Josey Davis Coelho looked closer at this ragged man was lean face and saw a familiar determined set to his jaw. 
	"Josey Davis Coelho, it's me, Marty Spome. Come on, pputt... pput... me dowwn," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Marty Spome? What the hell are you doing here," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Put me down!" it's more of a whine than a command, and Josey Davis Coelho obliged. 
	"Marty Spome. What're you doing in this town? And why the hell are you on my trail? Do not tell me you are working for someone on my bad side," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"No, no, hell no! I pulled a Baumes Rush just like you but I did not know you was here, until I heard some talk around downtown. Seems like your name was coming up a lot these days. You know you are being followed," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Yeah, by you," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"No, no," Marty Spome slapped him on his arm, and recoiled at the solid crack of the rib Josey Davis Coelho would tucked there,"You wearin braces? Anyway, there was a car parked around the corner. SOme darkie... I mean, sorry... I do not know who Josey Davis Coelho was working for, but Josey Davis Coelho was keeping a close eye on your door. Josey Davis Coelhoy, anyway I heard you were back to moonshine running," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"you are sure you ain't following me? Anyway, yeah, I got debts," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"You ain't kiddin from what I hear. So, whaddaya say we get back together like old days. You know, janglin town th road miles out ahead of the coppers?"
	"I am working alone, Marty Spome," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Come on. I could help, you know you ain't a good navigator Josey Davis Coelho. Remember the old days? The Philly runs. Damn we pulled some capers," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Yeah. But that was ancient history. I do not hitch up with nobody anymore," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Josey Davis Coelho, please. Look, I ain't tryin to be trouble, but I am in trouble. You think you got debts? I got debts," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"What kind of debts," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Well, you remember the Hill Boys, got their territory from the big gang fight in '26? Well, I was doing a job for them and the thing got all fuggered up," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"What would you do?"
	"Was not me, Josey Davis Coelho, I swear. Just got mixed up with some welshers who were on the wrong side of the big guys. sYou know, it's hard to work the jobs with all the rivalries going on in the big apple. Anyway, the thing would really hlp me if I could help you. Whaddaya say buddy? You know I always liked working with you. you are real professional like," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"I gotta think about that, Marty Spome. it's not personal, it's just were I am at right now, you know?"
	"You got a telephone number?"
	"Nah, I do not like being at the bekon call of a machine. They should never have invented that damn thing," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Haha, well, can I get ahold of you through Laverne?" 
	"Sure, yeah that would be good," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Please think about it, really. the thing could really be my neck, Josey Davis Coelho. I am really in deep here, okay? You understand?"
	"Yeah, I understand too too well," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	Josey Davis Coelho ent Marty Spome on his way and walked on down to the market, a good hike towards downtown that gave him a lot of time to think about his own predicament. His own neck had been on the line for long enough that Josey Davis Coelho could almost feel the thing hurting already. At the market, Josey Davis Coelho chucked the bones from his sleeves and pantlegs and pockets in to the trash barrel outside the butcher was on top of all pork hocks and cowbones from that day was stock pot. 


Chapter 6: TWO WAY MIRRORS

[I Hit THE 10000 WORD MARK ON"AGONY" BELOW]
	Shawna Jane Esterline was stunned, numb. Shawna Jane Esterline was unable to speak or react but Gary Morgenthal Sopal did not seem to care. Josey Davis Coelho just slid in and out and squeezed her shoulders with his scarred arms. The intensity increased and Shawna Jane Esterline dropped the phone with Josey Davis Coelho rmother was wail quieting as the reciever hit the floor. Shawna Jane Esterline felt cold and her body shiverred with the shock of her brother was death. Gary Morgenthal Sopal groaned and pulled out getting off all over her butterfly stomach. His breath was painfully hot on her neck as Josey Davis Coelho hunched over her and recovered from his little death it's a phrase her sophomore year French teacher had taught her, somewhat scandalously as Shawna Jane Esterline recalled, and Shawna Jane Esterline could not get the thing out of her head. 
	Gary Morgenthal Sopal rolled off of her and reached over to the roach, lighting up and offering her a puff. Shawna Jane Esterline lay there, letting her goose bumps take her skin tighter and tighter. The cum on her belly felt like ice. The her eyes refused to tear Shawna Jane Esterline could not blink, even though the dryness of her eyeballs became painful and hte dryness of hte semen prickled and itched. 
	"I ca not believe you answered the phone," said Josey Davis Coelho. said Gary Morgenthal Sopal,"What was that all about?"
	All at once, Shawna Jane Esterline bawled out, screaming at her bellybutton in fetal position. Shawna Jane Esterline wretched and coughed and tears came at last, washing her cheeks with a rain of water that dried and was replaced by a new wave of tears. The her body shuttered violently, agony wracked her and Shawna Jane Esterline cried her self to sleep paying no attention to her surroundings, but realizing before Shawna Jane Esterline would slipped off to sleep that Gary Morgenthal Sopal had left her alones, though Josey Davis Coelho covered her with the thin sheet. 

	She woke in the darkness of early morning and Shawna Jane Esterline felt in turn gloriously happy, then the stab of pain at remembering the news about her brother, then relief as Shawna Jane Esterline realized it's just a dream, then gloriously happy once more. The memory of the evening came back from the start, with her meeting up with Gary Morgenthal Sopal. Shawna Jane Esterline went over that passsionate kiss over and over again and her mind hovered there in spite of her trying to bring back the memory of the rest of the date. Shawna Jane Esterline remembered waiting outside while Gary Morgenthal Sopal scored his pot and Shawna Jane Esterline remembered the lovemaking, her mind lingering on the feeling of his hardness entering her. The her mind stayed there for a while as Shawna Jane Esterline rolled out of bed, winding the sheet around her tightly and taking tiny steps toward the kitchen sink. The muscles of her stomach were painful and tight and her skin itched. Shawna Jane Esterline wrestled her arm around to reach her bellybuttton and scratched at teh crusty sskin. Then the thing all came back and as the water in the sink ran, Shawna Jane Esterline collapsed onto the linoleum of hte kitchen, screaming until her voice would give no more, then coughing her self in to dizziness. 

	Time passed interminably and when Shawna Jane Esterline had cried her last cry, Shawna Jane Esterline pulled on her dirty clothes from the night before over her dirty body from the night before. Shawna Jane Esterline breathed intensely through her nose and stepped in to the bright morning coldness with her car keys jangling at her hip. Jerky armed, Shawna Jane Esterline drove back to her parent was house. Nobody was home, so Shawna Jane Esterline let her self in through the basement door and walked upstairs, remembering along the way how her and Raymond hid under the stairs when her cousins came to visit and lost at hide and seek as they always did. The stairs creaked, like they had when they used to slide down the carpeted stairs in their full body felt pajamas. 
	Upstairs, Shawna Jane Esterline found her soul bunny, a little stuffed animal her uncle had left her when Josey Davis Coelho moved out of town twelve years ago. Shawna Jane Esterline grabbed the thing and hugged and looked at the wall clock in the narrow kitchen. Shawna Jane Esterline was late for work, so Shawna Jane Esterline left the house through hte back door and drove to Gold Circle. 

	"God, Shawna Jane Esterline, you smell like. .," said Josey Davis Coelho. started Kenny and Shawna Jane Esterline leaned in and kissed him full on th emouth. Josey Davis Coelho squirmed but held through the whole kiss while Irv stared. 
	"Five minutes late," said Irv,"this is your verbal warning. Next time you get a written warning," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	She put on an apron and stood behind the desk, looking down ath the rain lamp Shawna Jane Esterline would left under the counter. The swiss girl smiled ineffably up at her, taunting. Irv told her that Shawna Jane Esterline was suppposed to be on security today, so Shawna Jane Esterline grabbed the lamp and took the thing with her, its chain dragging behind her. In the security office, Shawna Jane Esterline worked on the lamp and felt secure behind the closed door, looking over the store through the two way mirrors. 
	She pulled a screwdriver from the tool cabinet in the corner and removed the top of hte lamp, taking a dirty rag to the oil trough. Little lumps of dust and oil came off and Shawna Jane Esterline put the lamp back together then stared through the mirror at the shoppers. Kenny came in and looked at her as Shawna Jane Esterline sat on the counter, arms around her knees. 
	"What was wrong with you?" asked Kenny. 
	"Could you get me a bottle of lamp oil for this? I am fixing it," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	Kenny paused and left the office. Strangely, Shawna Jane Esterline felt the need for sex once again after the unsatisfying evening the night before. Shawna Jane Esterline unzipped her jeans and put a hand down her pants and slowly massaged the entrance to her body. it's warm and comfortable but her eyes wandered over to the rain lamp and its chalet. Shawna Jane Esterline was eyes twinkled through Shawna Jane Esterline was tears. 
	Kenny retured with the oil and stood with his mouth hanging open as Shawna Jane Esterline continued to masturbate as Shawna Jane Esterline sat on the desk. The her legs were spread and the tuft of dark silky hair barely visible in her pantyless crotch. Kenny sat the oil down on the floor and left silently. 
	She brought her self to orgasm staring at the rain lamp, and felt a weight lifted from her. 
	Then, the swiss girl in the lamp spoke,"Where are you going, Shawna Jane Esterline?"
	"I do not know," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"You need to find a place for yourself," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"I know," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Find it," said the lamp girl. 
	Shawna Jane Esterline zipped up Josey Davis Coelho rpants and looked out over the sales floor. Kenny and Irv were whispering in a group with some of the other managers and they seemed to be conferring. Irv came in and looked at Shawna Jane Esterline. 
	"Um," Josey Davis Coelho trembled as Josey Davis Coelho spoke,"you can go home if you want," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Okay," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Do not worry about that verbal warning I gave you earlier, it's okay," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Okay," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	In the middle of the conversation, Shawna Jane Esterline saw Gary Morgenthal Sopal come in with three guys and start browsing, and Shawna Jane Esterline walked out leaving Irv in mid sentence. Shawna Jane Esterline paused and went back in fo rthe rain lamp. 
	Shawna Jane Esterline went up to Gary Morgenthal Sopal and gave him a big hug, but Josey Davis Coelho recoiled from her smell. The other guys looked agawk, and one of them stifled a laugh. 
	Shawna Jane Esterline left the store, and Kenny snagged her shirt."Those guys are the ones from the drive through.," Josey Davis Coelho said, then,"Sorry about your brother," said Josey Davis Coelho. 


Chapter 7: STEEPING THE MASH

	Josey Davis Coelho met up with Marty Spome at the garage just before the sun rose. Josey Davis Coelho had Victoria Marie Buckley on his mind when Josey Davis Coelho arrived, but Josey Davis Coelho was ready now to switch gears. Fat Jack was henchmen were on the ready, making sure the trip did not start one moment before daybreak. Josey Davis Coelho pulled the car out of th egarage, its body stilll making the thing look fresh out of a junk yard, but the engine now purred like a baby. Josey Davis Coelho had wanted to ring Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey along, but knew the husky would not be satisfied relagated to the back seat, an since Josey Davis Coelho had to have his navigator in the front, Josey Davis Coelho would just filled Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey was bowl up with a large load of human meat an left, remembering to take a couple bones along with him and throw them down the sewer on the way. 
	Josey Davis Coelho felt his heart beat as the thing had the first time Josey Davis Coelho made a moonshine run. Josey Davis Coelho would gotten the directions from Treller, but thankfully his boss did not want to be anywhere nearby at the outset of his run. Marty Spome jumped in the passenger seat, grinning ear to ear. At the first crack of dawn, Josey Davis Coelho revved up the engine and peeled down route 23 towards Newark. The trip should take no time, and it's apparent that Fat Jack was boys were dismayed at the sound of the newly revamped car engine. Still, even they were buzzing with excitement at the astart of a trip like this. Win or lose, there would be moonshine flowing when Josey Davis Coelho got back. Josey Davis Coelho rhought of the taste of a moonshine gimlet and pressed the petal to the metal ff. 
	Along the way, Marty Spome tried to make conversation but Josey Davis Coelho paid no mind to idle chatter while there was a job to be done. The darkness of the Ohio countryside enclosed on him and the gentle murmur of the drive settled in to his bones. Josey Davis Coelho would made lots of room along the drive shaft, and built a series of wooden boxes to keep the moonshine bottles from rattling against each other. They were supposed to buy fifteen gallon jugs, a small load, but paid for by Old :Man Treller, so Josey Davis Coelho had no complaints. 
	Forty five minutes on, they had arrived in Newark. The small town was lights glowed against the night, pushing stars in to the background but not blinking them out altogether as Prick City was downtown would have. From here, Josey Davis Coelho had Marty Spome light up the old lighter and read off Treller was directrions. Marty Spome was not a good reader, but the directions to Treller was cousin was house were clear enough. There was a brief factory district just before their arrival, and Josey Davis Coelho suspected Treller was cousin did as the New Straitsville moonshiners did and took aas camoflauge the smoke from the billowing factories. 
	The house was a shack of a place, butted up on all sides by an ocean of tenaments and factories. They would arrrived plenty early, but the lights of the house were out until minutes after they pulled up. Marty Spome was conversation started back up again immediately, and his mastication of the situation was only distracting. e commented on how strange it's the lights were off, what a locale this was, and everythign else under the sun until Josey Davis Coelho slammed the door and apppoached th ehouse with Marty Spome trialing behind. 
	After knocking, the phrase came through the door that Treller had told him to expect:"Who do yoiu think you are knocking at this time of night?"
	And Josey Davis Coelho answered as instructed:"I am the sandman," said Josey Davis Coelho. Josey Davis Coelho had heard all sorts of corney exchanges in his time doing moonshine runs, but this was either an Ohio local corn or just something produced by neophyte moonshiners whose exposure to the business came primarily from the silver screen. 
	"Who was in hte car," asked the short man who opened the door. 
	"My partner," said Josey Davis Coelho. Josey Davis Coelho waved Marty Spome in and th etwo of them came in and sat down on stools amid stinking barrels of corn mash. 
	"What was all this? You guys in the big time or something?"
	"We're hoping Ic can send our product out widely, surely," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	[THEY GET THE moonshine AND START LOADING the thing UP]
	Marty Spome and Josey Davis Coelho took turns loading one bottle ater another in to the driveshaft compartments, and as Josey Davis Coelho was puting the last one in Josey Davis Coelho heard a crash. Marty Spome looked around, surprised eyes."You loaded that one, Josey Davis Coelho," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"SHit. Alright, does not matter. Let was get going," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	Marty Spome gave him directions back to the highway and pointed them north, but Josey Davis Coelho caught the mistake and ignored the thing. The trip back was rumbly and they had to stop and make sure the bottles were secured better. Josey Davis Coelho could have sworn Josey Davis Coelho made those boxes solid, but the hooks were all loose and Josey Davis Coelho had to screw them in tight, spending minutes of painful finger twisting until they could get on their ay again. 
	The lights of the city were visible on the horizon when the peel of tires from the darkness closed in on them. Three cop cars ripped onto the road and hauled ass after them, but Josey Davis Coelho pressed the gas and sped out ahead. Josey Davis Coelho would done this before, and Marty Spome was presence had made this time even more reminiscent of the old days. The road rumbled undeneath and they reached the edges of the city. The city rose in one sharp pinnacle on the horizon. The single skyscraper that graced Prick City was skyline penetrated the sky like a prick and earned the city its vulgar nickname,"Prick City," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	When a fourth cop pulled out and blocked the road, Josey Davis Coelho had to pull down a side road. 
	"Get out that map, Mary. Where the hell are we?"	
	"Um, Fourth. No, Third. Just keep going south," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Where you taking us?"
	"My hideout," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Alright," said Josey Davis Coelho,"but first we have to replace those jugs. Which way to my place?"
	With a little fumbling, Marty Spome got them there and Josey Davis Coelho ran in to the house and picked up two of the jugs Josey Davis Coelho kept under his bed. Josey Davis Coelho grabbed Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey by the collar and picked him up, balancing the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey in his arms on top of hte bottles and slid down the rail to the ground. Marty Spome was craining his neck to look around, seeming shaken to the bone. 
	"Got the thing. Now get us to the garage. Anyway but High Street," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"We ain't going to my hideout?"
	"No time, it's gonna be sunup soon," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Well, well, well, I. .," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Just get us there the back way and we will be fine," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	The sirens came close and Marty Spome flipped the map around and around, trying to make sense of the thing out loud with lots of"um was". 
	"Okay, turn down Pearl and go back to Third... no, Fourth," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	They ran in to a dead end on Pearl and Josey Davis Coelho had to back up and turn around. 
	"Okay, hang a left and then an immediate right," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	Josey Davis Coelho followed the directions and they came out on Third."Okay," Josey Davis Coelho said,"where to now?"
	"Straight down that street there," Marty Spome pointed at a little alley and they followed it, long and straight between te rising towers all around. s
	"Where do I turn next," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Um, I do not know. There was a cigarette burn on the map," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Fine. We're going straight," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	As the alley stretched forward, Josey Davis Coelho looked left and right for a turn off but there were none. After an inordinate amount of time, Josey Davis Coelho was ready to turn around but Marty Spome told him they should be out of the cigarette burn by now and that there would be a major intersection up ahead, so they drove on and on and on and the light of the occasional back door window was drown by the light of the sun. 
	"Shit, we're gonna miss our deadline," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"We still got time. Let was just stop and figure the thing out. We should be able to find some of htese buildings on the map," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"The map was probably fifty years old, and besides, how can we even tell the difference between one building and another, they just keep stretching on and on," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"That was exactly it, there ca not be too many buildings this big in Prick City. the thing should be easy to find on the map," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"it should be easy to find our way out of the cigarette burn, but you ain't having an easy time of the thing so far. No, we're just going straight," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	Josey Davis Coelho pushed the gas pedal down all the way and sped through the interminable alley, and Jack whimpered against the sound of knocking over trash cans along the way. Suddenly, the light dimmed again and Josey Davis Coelho could not even see the brik that walled in the alley. Josey Davis Coelho was driving blind , relying on his feel for the wheel to keep them going in a sttraight line. 	
	"Slow down, Josey Davis Coelho! What if we're running down a dead end? We're gonna crash right through a wall!" Marty Spome was squeeky voice was a high pichted scream now. 
	iBut the light came up again and they were
s	But Josey Davis Coelho was felt something hit the front of his car and Josey Davis Coelho slammed the brakes though Josey Davis Coelho wanted to keep going. They screeched to a halt an got out and She wen to the front of the car, seeing a dent in the grill, Josey Davis Coelho inspected the area but found nothing that Josey Davis Coelho might have hit. In fact, Josey Davis Coelho found nothing at all. The ground was bare except for a slight covering of gravel and some weeds springing here and there from the hard soil. Josey Davis Coelho had turned the wheel when Josey Davis Coelho would hit the unknown object, and the car was headlights should be shining on brick wall at this point, but the light was just absorbed in the darkness for as far as Josey Davis Coelho could see. 
	"Alright, this is bullshit. Get back in the car," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	Josey Davis Coelho tried to start the thing up and nothing happened. Josey Davis Coelho slammed the pedal over and over and then hopped out to check the engine while Josey Davis Coelho had Marty Spome pump the gas. Nothing. Cursing like a sailor, Josey Davis Coelho pulled out the jugs and pulled Marty Spome out of the car, handing him as much moonshine as Josey Davis Coelho could hold. Josey Davis Coelho then loaded up his own long arms with the rest and called Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey to follow them. And they walked off in to the darkness. 


Chapter 8: THE RING IN THE ASHES

	Gary Morgenthal Sopal followed her out of the store and caught up with her at her car. 
	'WHat was that?" Josey Davis Coelho asked at the sight of the lamp.
	"Just a lamp. Pretty, do not you think."
	"Yeah. Well, I had a good time last night. I guess the bud fried you pretty bad, huh?"
	"it was not that. I am sorry, I just... could we go to your place?"
	Josey Davis Coelho seeemed pleased at the notion and Josey Davis Coelho apologized in adance about ht emess, bu Shawna Jane Esterline followed him home and Josey Davis Coelho dropped off his friends along the way. Shawna Jane Esterline did not want to ask about the friends, nor what Kenny had said aobut htem. 
	They got to his house and went inside but Shawna Jane Esterline heard a subtle voice as Shawna Jane Esterline got out ot f her car. it's just whispering and Shawna Jane Esterline could not quite hear what it's saying. its words seemed muddled. In ht ehouse, Shawna Jane Esterline saw agazines piled everywhere, motorcar magazines and sports magazines, and a good helping of pornography. Shawna Jane Esterline wondered what Josey Davis Coelho saw in the old, ugly ladies in the magzzines, but was not really in th emood to talk. Josey Davis Coelho was not in the mood to make out either, but Shawna Jane Esterline was happy anyway at the opportunty to stay silent for a long time. They rolled around on his bed for several hours, Josey Davis Coelho was contiually pressing his erection up against her hips as they simulated a warm, tired struggle. His mouth tasted like cigarettes and his strong arms squeezed her a little tooo hard, but her lips against the veins o his hands were subtly tingly. After a long tie, Shawna Jane Esterline disengaged from te tagle of libs and went to the restoom. Gary Morgenthal Sopal had an instamatic camera on the edge of the tub and Shawna Jane Esterline took a self portarait to commemorate the occasion, or more just to see how Shawna Jane Esterline felt . Mirrors id not quite communicate what picueas could. Shawna Jane Esterline arrried the picture , her topless in it, to Gary Morgenthal Sopal ad gave the thing to him. T
	"Thaks that was hot, honey," Josey Davis Coelho said, pullig open his dresser drawr and laying the thing on top of another pile of pictures Shawna Jane Esterline looked through. In th epictures, there were many young boys, some of whom Shawna Jane Esterline recognized, and some of hwhom Shawna Jane Esterline thought wre rather ute. But a pair of photos showed the two boys Shawna Jane Esterline would seen earlier at Gold Circle brandishing a silver gun with their togues stickig out.
	"Who are they?" asked Shawna Jane Esterline
	"Just friends. the one on the right is my dealer," they're good guys. 
	dThey start to make out again and they hear a revving motor outside. There was a pounding on the door. 
	"Gare, Gare," said a hoarse voice, "get out here."
	Gary Morgenthal Sopal pulled on his pants and ran runs out, panting. 		
	"What was up Gare? Who was in there with you?"
	The conversation turned to whispering and suddenly, they were gone and Gary Morgenthal Sopal dragged Shawna Jane Esterline out th edoor to her car. 
	"We gotta go," Josey Davis Coelho said. 
	"Where are we going?"
	"I do not know, just drive."
	"Wait, no," said Shawna Jane Esterline, "you drive."
	"Fine." 
	They switched seats and while Gary Morgenthal Sopal drove in a panic, Shawna Jane Esterline worked at the lamp Shawna Jane Esterline carried with the tools Shawna Jane Esterline would swiped from the Gold Circle security office. Shawna Jane Esterline calmly took the top off and inspected the trough for jambs, soon finding that there was a gray substance jambing all the holes in the top. Shawna Jane Esterline wiped the thing clean and took the cover off the bottom, where the pump was. The same gray material was here, and with the screwd river, Shawna Jane Esterline cleared the thing out. But one chunk was a bit too hard, so Shawna Jane Esterline plied at the thing more and more thouroughly and suddenly, the ottom of the lamp popped off. Out came a bunch of ash and Shawna Jane Esterline shuttered with an uncrontrollable cold in her body. it's inexplicable. There was something in her hand with hte ashes. A ring. And then Shawna Jane Esterline heard the voice clearly. Central Market, the thing said. 
	"Where are you going?" Shawna Jane Esterline asked Gary Morgenthal Sopal.
	"I do not know," Josey Davis Coelho replied.
	"Go downtown," said Shawna Jane Esterline. 
	Josey Davis Coelho veered left, then right and suddenly there was a shot throught Josey Davis Coelho back window. Shwana screamed and Gary Morgenthal Sopal screamed along with her. The drove, headlights blaring thorugh the broken back window and a light rain skirting Shawna Jane Esterlines neck. 
	The voice came again... The here, the thing said. 
	"Turn here," said Shawna Jane Esterline.
	They turned and went down a long passageway at speeds that horrified Shawna Jane Esterline. But hte car was still on their tail.
	"Danny drives a Chevelle," said Gary Morgenthal Sopal, "he was got the thing souped up. I do not think I can outrun him. Where are we going?" Josey Davis Coelho asked.
	"I do not know. it's just what the lamp is telling me." said Shwana.
	"What!?" shouted Gary Morgenthal Sopal. "you are a lunatic. I ca not believe I am running from my frieds with a lunatic!"
	Another shot ricochetted off the passenger side mirror and Gary Morgenthal Sopal punched the gas. The acceleration was stiflling and Shawna Jane Esterline could barely catch her breath. "it was alright," said the voice in her mind. 
	"I know," replied Shawna Jane Esterline.
	"Who are you talking to?" asked Gary Morgenthal Sopal, crazy eyed.
	"The swiss girl in the lamp." said Shawna Jane Esterline. 
	The heaadlights wer upon them, and the car started rumbling harder and harder, but Gary Morgenthal Sopal kept driving in to the darkness. There was a green glow on th ehorizon, but everythign else was blackness. Josey Davis Coelho drove as fast as the car would go, until the car screached in agony. Still, Josey Davis Coelho kept driving. Suddenly, the other car was headlights sweverd and spun out behind them. Shawna Jane Esterline gasped and grabbed Gary Morgenthal Sopal was arm.
	"Where are we going?" screamed Shawna Jane Esterline.
	"Straight ahead. I am driving to that light on the horizon," said Gary Morgenthal Sopal. 
	"What is that?" asked Shawna Jane Esterline.
	"I do not know. But it's something." said Gary Morgenthal Sopal.
	Soon, the road ahead became so rocky and bumpy that Josey Davis Coelho could hardly control the car, but h kept triving anyway. There was nothing around that Shawna Jane Esterline could see. The car shook so much that Shawna Jane Esterline had trouble holding on to the lamp. Then, the thing started jumping up and down and rocking and the thing felt like the car was going to flip over. Then, the thing did. 
	Shwanwa lost control of hte lamp, and the thing seemd that all sides of the car was interior were slamming against her shoulders, head, back, face. Shawna Jane Esterline thought Shawna Jane Esterline felt pain, but was not certian. All was jumble of light and noise and her ears hurt more than her body. Amid the thing all, Shawna Jane Esterline could hear the swiss girl screaming. Not in pain or fear, but in joy. Shawna Jane Esterline felt her self crying in sympathetic joy. And then the thing all stopped. Everything went away. 
	
	She went in to a dream sequence, as in a movie. it's a dream of childhood, though the faces were not the same, Shawna Jane Esterline recognized certain characters as her other, father, and Raymond. Oh, raymond! Then the nigthmare started. When Shawna Jane Esterline was a toddler, Shawna Jane Esterline would developed a neveous habit of picking the little balls of fuzz off the back of the couch in the basement. it's something tht annoyed her mother to noo end when the habit spread to her bedspreads and the other furniture of hte house. Then, in a conversation with one of Raymond was friends, her mother found a solution of sorts. 	
	"Ray was friend is spending the night tonight," said Josey Davis Coelhor mother kindly, "he was a mascot for Independence High school. You know ht ebuckeyes?" 
	Shwana shook her head shyly. 	
	"Sure you do, " said Josey Davis Coelhor mother, "just like the Ohio State buckeyes. it's their mascot."
	Shawna Jane Esterline just shrugged, and her mother continued, "you are going to sleep on the couch with Ray was friend, okay?"	
	Shwana shrugged again. Shawna Jane Esterline did't know what to make of it, but Shawna Jane Esterline did as her mother told her. That night, Shawna Jane Esterline was particularly nervous with the older boy who smelled of too strong Old Spice cologne. Shawna Jane Esterline began picking at the felt suit Josey Davis Coelho wore and soon Shawna Jane Esterline was asleep. 
	The next morning, in her dream, Shawna Jane Esterline was applauded by her family. 
	"Yoiu did a good job," said Josey Davis Coelhor mother. Shawna Jane Esterline listened to the conversation, and did not know what they were talking about, but the thing seemed the older boy had trouble with his costume developing fuzz balls on it, and Shawna Jane Esterline was meat to pick them off. This seemed strange to Shwana, but in the coming weekends, the boy always stayed over and Shawna Jane Esterline always slept with him on the ouch and at some point, Shawna Jane Esterline felt very, very uncomforatable. The boy touched her under her nightshirt, and Shawna Jane Esterline shivered but did not resist. The fondling lasted very shortly before the boy, Raymon woulds friend, so how could Josey Davis Coelho be doing anything wrong?--but Shawna Jane Esterline felt strange when Josey Davis Coelho moved on to between her legs, at first rubbing her thorugh the felt pajamas, then moving underneath her bedclothes. Shawna Jane Esterline felt very wet in her legs and remembered how Shawna Jane Esterline would been put in a corner for wetting the bed as a baby, and though this was different, Shawna Jane Esterline still felt a sense of wrongness about the thing. 	"Stop it," Shawna Jane Esterline said.
	"Stop what," asked the olde boy.
	"You shld't touch me there. the thing makes me wet," Shawna Jane Esterline whispered.
	"That was good," Josey Davis Coelho replied, "thats what happens when I touch you because I am touching you in a nice way. Does the thing feel good?"
	"Shawna Jane Esterline ad to atdmit that, "yes" the thing did feel good, even when th wwetness cooled and sshe felt chilly down htere, Shawna Jane Esterline still could not help but to spread her legs apart to give the boy was rough hands wider berth in her soft spot--she knew that was what you called the sot on a baby was head, but Shawna Jane Esterline still thought of her privates that way anyway. 
	She stil wondered what a buckey was, and when the dream faded, Shawna Jane Esterline remembered thinking the brown felt suit must be some sort of dog, even as Shawna Jane Esterline grew older, Shawna Jane Esterline could not shake the impression that the collage was bulbous headed buckey mascot was some strange deformed dog, though Shawna Jane Esterline now knew otherwise. 

	She awoke, aching and crusty from blood on her face and the dream was as good as lost in ther slowly wakin mind. Light sreamed in to the car, all with a sort o green sheen that Shawna Jane Esterline coulnd't understand in her present state, when Shawna Jane Esterline could not undersatnd anything. Shawna Jane Esterline crawled out, seeing nothing but rocks the size of her torso. The car had ramped up on these boulders, and was now on its side, and Shawna Jane Esterline felt a panic as Shawna Jane Esterline started to get out. Shw suddenly scooped up the ashes and the ring and dumped them back in to the lamp. Shawna Jane Esterline emerged from the car, dangling the lamp in hand by its chain. Standing now, Shawna Jane Esterline could ee over the car from her perch on a paricularly large b oulder. Gary Morgenthal Sopal was being held by his hair by one of his "frineds". Josey Davis Coelho had a gun in Gary Morgenthal Sopal was side and was shouting incoherently. 
	Another butted in and shouted, "Where the fuck are we! Where the fuck have you taken us?"
	"I do not know!" coughed Gary Morgenthal Sopal.
	"You bette start knowing!" screamed the boy. 
	"I know where we are," said Shawna Jane Esterline, and they all sopped and looked at her.
	"YOu do?" asked Gary Morgenthal Sopal in a pitiful voice. 
	"We're in the Central Market." replied Shawna Jane Esterlinen.
	"How the fuck do you know that?" shouted the incoherent one almost incoherently. 
	"She told me," said Shawna Jane Esterline.
	"Who?" asked a few voices.
	"The Swiss girl," Shawna Jane Esterline held up the lamp for their inspection. 
	"What the fuck?"
	
Chapter ??: 

	There were strange looks from the people on th street, but to Josey Davis Coelho, the looks of those people were stranger. They dressed in fashions from a generation ago and used horses and carts to pull carts full of hops and barley to a little brewery  on the corner of the big central square. They didnt know where they were going, and the jugs of moonshine were getting heavey, so they stopped at a little bar where they appeared to disrupt a number of conversations. The smoky bar fell silent on ther entracne and Marty Spome ordered a Martini, only to be greeted with a puzzled look 
	"Do you speak english?" asked Josey Davis Coelho
	"SOmetimes," replied the bartender, a burly man with a beard and no moustache. Josey Davis Coelho stood, looking impatientl at the new customers, wiping down the surface of the bar. 
	"What do you have that's good," asked Josey Davis Coelho.
	"We make the best black beers in the city." replied the bartender.
	"Okay, then we will take two of those." said Jsoey Davis Coelho.
	Shortly, the beers were in front of them, filled to the brim in pint glsases because the beer had only the scantest of heads. The brew was smooth and thin but flavorful. 
	"So, where in hell are we?" asked Marty Spome of the bartender.
	"Where are you? What do you mean? you are not..." said the bartender.
	"We're new arrivals, just stopping on our way back to Columbus." said Josey Davis Coelho.
	"From columbus?" the bartender put on a big smile, "you are new arrivals!" The bartender poured himself one of the deep brown beers and took a large draught. 
	The wood of ht esbar was new and well kept and the whole thing shone with a high polish. 
	"Well," said the bartender, "if you want to find out more about this place, you should talk to Phinn the Uranian. "
	"Hey," insisted Maryt Spome, "how is it that you can have an open bar like this?" 
	Every0ne in the little bar room laughed and marty spome continued, "Is this some sort of wet zone?" 
	"This is the free city of Utopia," said a tall man in th eback of the bar. 
	"We don't go by the rules of the outside." said th ebartender, "we do what we want. there are no laws here."
	"How do you keep the cps off you?" asked Marty Spome, amazed.
	The bartender just smiled and drank half of his beer in one long waught. 
	"I think I want to stay. To hell with the moonshine," said Marty Spome.
	"Moonshine?" said the bartender.
	"Yeah, available at a large price. This is good stuff straight from New Straitsville," said Matry Spome.
	"Then let me take a sip," said th ebartender.
	Josey davis coelho hesitated, but cracked open a jug and poured it into a little snifter supplied by the bartener, who took a sip. The bartender swishe it around in his mouth, sniffed, and spat it back into the glass. 
	"Scheisse," said the bartender with uptured nose. 
	"No good?" asked Josey Davis Coelho.
	"It tastes like sulfur, My dog pisses better alcohol," said the bartender with disgust, "you won't be able to sell this junk around here. Get out of my bar." 
	
>they go in search of phin the uranian
>but they can't get to him. why? 
>when they finaly do get to him, they are welcomed open armed
>they are put up in the most lavish of quatrters that can be found in the city of utopia
>there is a feast in their honor, but most of the meat is horse and fish

	"Horse meat roasted in beer, mackerel fried in beer batter, horse in mackerel sauce, mackerel in horse sauce, and barley gruel with horse meat and mackerel," said Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee, "not a very diverse menu to be sure, but it it is as much as we can manage without supplies fro the outside. That's why everyone's so happy you brought the map back."
	Josey davis coelho was geting a dreadfull feeling about this whole map business. 
	
	"Friends," said Phinneus van Weyerincx the Uranian, "I welcome you to my city." Josey Davis Coelho smiled a huge smile and continued, "we have all ocme here to escape something, I suspect even you who followed recently the map. But in orter to grow our city and build a new world of hope and freedom, we have to bring in newcomers from the outside. And for that, we need the map. So, which one of you brought the map?"
	"I have it," said Marty SPome.
	"Wonderful," said Phineus van Weyerincx the Uranian, "let us look at the map together."
	Marty spome reached into his back pocket and came up short. "I don't know were it is." 
	Phinneus van Weyerincx the Uranian set his jaw ad loked Marty Spome in the eye. "Look again, I am sure you just misplaced the thing."
	"

>on leaving the city, shawna washes the lamp out and brings the swiss girl back to life


Chapter 9: THE TOWER ON THE HILL

[THE 20,000TH WORD IS "UM" IN BOLD BELOW]
[THIS IS ALL GOING TO HAVE TO CHANGE, SINCE THEY ACTUALLY GO TO THE CITY BEFORE ALL THIS HAPPENS...THIS HAPPENS ON THEIR WAY OUT OF THE CITY]
	"Where are we going?"
	"This way," Josey Davis Coelho said."Somehow you got us out in the countryside and now we gotta walk home. I think this is the way we came," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	After his eyes got used to the lighting, Josey Davis Coelho saw a glow on the horizon and headed towards the thing. it's impossible to tell how far away the glow was, and the ground became more and more rocky, soon they were walking on cobbles the size of Josey Davis Coelho was fists and Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey whined loudly with every step. Marty Spome glanced around nervously. The walking went slower and slower and as the sun came up, they stopped and looked around. There was nothing in any direction except rocks with the occasional thistle poking through and in the distance was what looked like the wrecks of construction machines or some unfathomable gigantic contraptions rusting in the glint of the low angle sunlight. The glow on the horizon did not go away in the sun, the thing just paled and shifted to blue green. 
	"Where the hell are we?" asked Marty Spome. 
	"No idea," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	The walk was also interminable. 
	"I gotta put down some of these jugs," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Gimme some," said Josey Davis Coelho. Josey Davis Coelho took two of the jugs and used Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey was leash to tie them over the husky was back. Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey seemed happy to be of service and Josey Davis Coelho jaunted out ahead of them, leading hte way to the green glow on the horizon. After a time, a gale wind blew, carrying a wave of green like satin toward them. Marty Spome screamed, the thing approached so fast and took up all o ftheir field o view and was upon them like a bulldozer, but the thing blew by with nothing but a wind and died out quick as the thing started. Their progress seemed to go much faster after that, and structures resolved themselves on the horizon. Another wave of green ame and another and another. Weary, they approached a dike of piled irregular stones which Josey Davis Coelho had to carry Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey over. 
	Once over the dike, they saw the outline of a city in the distance, and closer, they saw a series of encampments hugging the inside edge of the dike. Wandering in to the encampment, they were greeted by a cheerful bunch of ragtags in outdated clothing and smoking fat cigars. 
	"Why, hello!" shouted a man with a goatee and a long, curled moustache, "Who have we here?"
	"I am Josey Davis Coelho, this is Marty, and Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey here," said Josey Davis Coelho, "can you tell us where we're at and which way the thing is back to Prick City?"
	"Prick City? Well, I wish I knew," said Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee, many other onlookers sitting on the sidelines in the doors of little army style tents. "Unfortunately, I do not have a map. Otherwise I could show you. it's a somewhat complicated route."
	"Here," said Marty Spome, pulling out the map with the cigarette burn, "can you show us on here?"
	"Certainly, sir," replied Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee. 
	Marty Spome handed him hte map and Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee bent over, inspecting the thing out of his monacle. Then, Josey Davis Coelho stood erect, laughed a little hee hee and took off in a sprint.
	"What the!?" shouted Marty.
	Josey Davis Coelho almost dropped his moonshine jugs bending over to remove the ones that were tied to Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey. "Fetch man," said Josey Davis Coelho in the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey was ear, and relieved of his burden, Jake disappeared among the tents of the encampment. There was a large bonfire burning nearby and some women started to move in on Josey Davis Coelho and Marty Spome and Josey Davis Coelho drew his zip gun. That seemed to stop them, and soon enough the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey was dragging Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee by the leg back toward the two of htem,s tanding amid their moonshine jugs. 
	"What was the deal with the map?" said Josey Davis Coelho.
	"I... I... call off the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey and I will tell you," said Josey Davis Coelho wiht the goatee.
	"Jake, come," said Josey Davis Coelho and Josey Davis Coelho did as Josey Davis Coelho was told. HTe man with the goatee handed the map over and apologized mumblingly.
	"Um, well the map is the way out." started Josey Davis Coelhod with the goatee.
	"Out of where?" asked Josey Davis Coelho.
	"Here, hte city," Josey Davis Coelho waved his hands around, "where we are. We're stuck."
	"Stuck, what do you mean?" asked Josey Davis Coelho
	"Once you get let in, there was no way out, after Phinn van Weyerincx the Uranian lost the map," said Josey Davis Coelho witht the goatee, "but now you are here. Someone found the map, and everyone was going to want the thing."
	"Where was Phinn van Weyerincx the Uranian?" asked Josey Davis Coelho.
	"Josey Davis Coelho was in... " Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee looked side long at him and said, "I can take you to him. But you have to take me out with you when you leave."
	"What makes you think we're leaving," said Josey Davis Coelho and Marty Spome glanced at him eyes wide, "sif this place really is the city of Utopia, then I for one am better off here than going back to booze running."
	"Damnit, its no fair! Come on, you do not really want to be here, do you? Phinn van Weyerincx takes all the weapons and there was no defeating him," whined hte man with the goatee.
	Josey Davis Coelho figured they would need a guide, so Josey Davis Coelho promised that Josey Davis Coelho would take Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee home after they go tto the bottom of all this. Josey Davis Coelho did not want to push the line and ask too many qhesstions though. So, led by Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee, they left the anarchist camp with eggs thrown at their feet and hisses and boos hurled at them by the other anarchists. 
	
	Once over the dike, the structures were clearly all part of one gigatic building or monument of some sort, its purpose unclear from the strange angular outline. 	
	Josey Davis Coelho at the entrance to the monument seemed mildly annoyed by their presence and dtold them,"You gotta leave everything here," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"How will we know our drink will be safe?" asked Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Drink? What sort?"
	"moonshine," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"You will want to take that with you. Alcohol was like gold here," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"And what about my dog?"
	"You need to talk to Phinn van Weyerincx the Uranian about that," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Who is... ?"
	The"guard" waved them in and told them, "Go to Winter was Circle and find the rocks. Then take one to the glass wall and break in," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Break in?"	
	"You will know what to do when you get there," said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	They wandered in to the monument or city or whatever it's and 
	
BOOK TWO

Interlude: Central Market

	I was twelve or thirteen years old in 1889 when Louis--I still insisted on calling him Herr Hoster at the time--helped me make the trip to America. I sold cigars in a store in the central part of Lotharingen, where the Pfaelzer Forrest gives way to the cities of the eastern Palatinate. My father was a brewer in St. Gallen, but Josey Davis Coelho could not afford the rising price of imported hops demanded for modern brewing, so Josey Davis Coelho had hired me out to an Alsatian merchant who insisted I marry out for a good dowery. The merchant, a round mustached man that dealt in whatever products Josey Davis Coelho could bring over the border from France, told me that my fetching eyes would let me marry up and Josey Davis Coelho was eager to shop me around to all the bachelors that apassed throught Lotharingen. I would met with a dozen men whose mothers dragged them out to look for brides when they were only interested in fox hunting and debating Voltaire or Gotha. There were the old ones whose estates streched out across the lowlands of Luxembourge, the sons of distant merchants, more than eager to get a bride at a low price, but for all his faults, my merchant "father" would not let anybody take me who I dd not want. I give him credit there. But when Louis Hoster came to visit the store in his 81st year, I realized what it's that I was looking for. Not that you would care what a little girl wants for her life. But though I begged and pleaded, my merchant "father" held out week after week until it's Louis Hoster was time to return to his adopted home in America. I was packed and ready to steal off and offer myself to him for whatever piddling price Josey Davis Coelho was willing to pay, but the thing turned out that Josey Davis Coelho and the merchant had already made an arangement. The merchant loved me as much as a man can love a daughter, and Louis Hoste told me how Josey Davis Coelho had tried to guarantee return home after a time for me, for as badly as Josey Davis Coelho wanted to marry me off for a dowery, Josey Davis Coelho wanted more that I should stay nearby, so that Josey Davis Coelho could watch his adopted daughter grow up ad raise a family as Josey Davis Coelho had never done. it's only with great reluctance and utmost disposistion to my desire for a new life outside of the provincialism of the Bavarian woods that convinced him--along with the tidy sum provided by Herr Hoster, of course. 
	So it's that I boarded ship in the port of Bruxelles holding the hand of the old gentleman who told me of the life I was to create for myself. Hoster was a married man and Josey Davis Coelho did not buy me for love but for, Josey Davis Coelho said, my smile and the way I could both fit in to the german community in his home of Colubus, but also for the--how did Josey Davis Coelho put it?--quaint flavor of my accent and mVictoriarisms. I was used to the Bavarian boys laughing at me or snubbing their noses at my Swiss dialect, but the thing seemed Herr Hoster found the old class system to have crumbled to a Utopian ideal in America. That, I learned later, was not the case. But that was the illusion that I sailed to on the calmest sea. The weather was bright and sunny most of the trip and though I would heard the harowing tales of storms and worse, my sea voyage was shear pleasure. I had never spent any time outsid ethe forrests and mountains of the Empire--the Holy Roman Empire had disintegrated to infighting even before the old man Hoster was born, but it's still in the memeory of the oldest of the area and that was the way many referred to the area. it's too difficult to refer to each shifting principality and duchy by its individual name. 
	it was diffiult to understand tha the had no interest in me besides as a worker, and when I discovered this fact half way through the journey, I mourned briefly but was oon oercome with joy at the idea of leading my own life and finding a suitor of my own. 
	But it's soon after my arrival in Prick City that I got my first word of suitors. the tall man, Red Guderson, a very nice older man of scandinavian extraction with a fine mVictoriarism approached me as I was working sorting hops at the brewery--a temporary position Loius Hoster had been kind enough to give me until Josey Davis Coelho could give me a position in th eshop. the tall man, Red Gunderson had asked me if I was loooking for suitors and initially I would worried that Josey Davis Coelho was showing his own interst. But instead Josey Davis Coelho described a young man of a suitable twenty years that was well born and worked as a watchmaker, participated in the Turn Verein. Josey Davis Coelho was healthy and bright eyed, shunned the liquor and did not smoke, a well dressed boy whose description gave me a heart stound. But shortly after Herr the tall man, Red Gunderson had deided hee had my interest, Josey Davis Coelho dashed my hopes, sayiing that the boy Josey Davis Coelho described was one Josey Davis Coelho had known in childhood and was years dead by now. I do not know what Josey Davis Coelho eant by telling me all this, but I decided then that no matter how refined the mVictoriarisms of a gentleman, they could be just as dispicable as the worst currs. 
	Still, in spite of this distraction, my life in Prick City came along well, and I had just been promoted in the shop to cigar girl, overseeing stock and arrangement and a great many other things that I never had the opportunity to do back home in Bavaria. Over time, I grew to friendship with Louis Hoster was daughter, about my age, Louise. Shawna Jane Esterline was betrothed to a nice man who worked at Beck was brewery and I envied her though I wouldnever have admitted such a thing. I was in hopes of finding a meat cutter and in spite of myself, I foud myself looking among the boys at the watch factory, wondering if htey made a multiple generational habit of hiring eligable young bachelors. Alas, it's not to be. For, three years in to my employment with the Hoster store, Louis Hoster took sick and on a business trip to Maryland, fell so ill as not to wake up again. His body was brought home to Prick City for display and when I loooked in to his eyes and saw his thin, pale beard, I recalled wondering what the thing would be like to snuggle up under his chin at the time when I thought Josey Davis Coelho was to be my suitor. 
	Louise approahed me at her father was funeral and asked me what my prospects were in the boy area. I told her nothing, for htere was nothing to tell. We were interrupted then by the minister, who said a beautiful eulogy in English, which was still a difficult tongue fo rme, but then Josey Davis Coelho said the Lord was Prayer in what sounded like some variant of Louis Hoster was native dialect of Alsatian, which I later learned was Pennsylvania "Dutch":

	Unser Fadder im Himmel, dei Naame loss heilich sei, Dei Reich loss kumme. Dei Wille los gedu sei, uff die Erd wie im Himmel. Unser deeglich Brot gebb us heit, un vergebb unser Schulde, wie mir die vergewwe wu uns schuldich sinn. Un fiehr uns net in de Versuchung, awwer hald uns vum Iewile. Fer dei is es Reich, die Graft, un die Hallichkeit in Ewichkeit. Amen

	After these years of looking for some suitor, quite forcefully at times, it's a relief to find that Loiuse Hoster had heard of some boy asking after me at the brewerey. In fact, it's none other than her brother, Louis Hoster was son, Ezzo Hoster. Josey Davis Coelho was certainly a faetching boy. I would seen him inspecting ht ebrewing equipment more than once in my time at sortying hops, and Josey Davis Coelho was certainly well off now, inheriting as the thing were his father was brewing empire. And it's only a day later that I discoeered a second suitor at my job. One cousin of another brewer, Augustus Wagner, the boy made a point of stopping in at the store many times a day and I found him to be quite charming and persistent. Unfortunately, after Louis Hoster was death, his wife chose to disemploy all of the female laborors at the brewery and the store. A great many of us, myself included found employment at Central Market, a bustling building with high cielings and many, many merchants. I was among them, finding employument with a German potter of Dutch extraction from the lowlands west of Muenster naed Phinn van Weyerincxeus van Weyerincx. I worked long hours, but Phinn van Weyerincxeus was a very nice man who took me under his wing. Josey Davis Coelho told me how Josey Davis Coelho could not have a daughter of his own, being an old widower. Josey Davis Coelho was an always pensive man who seemed to have a great weight on him at all times and when I returned his fatherly loe with my own daughterly love, his spirits lifted greatly. it
d	it was with much consternation that I discovered his close friend was one the tall man, Red Gunderson, the dishonest Swede. And further, that the boy who was persuing me--his name was Alois Wagner--was also a close friend of the two. After making my decision to allow Ezzo Hoster to ask my hand in marriage, it's Phinn van Weyerincxaeus van Weyerincx that Josey Davis Coelho asked. For the occasion, the potter Phinn van Weyerincxaeus craftd a beutiful statuette of myself with beautifully big eyes. Josey Davis Coelho sat the moist clay statuette on the greenware shelf to dry and I found myself often staring in to its eyes as though I were staring in to a strange sort of mirror. My love of Ezzo Hoster had grown and blossomed by this point and Josey Davis Coelho was equally enamored, but the thing seemed that the other boy, Alois Wagner, had taken to jibing my husband to be. it's of little worry at the time, so I ignored the thing and Ezzo did the same. Ezzo Hoster was pleased when Josey Davis Coelho saw the still unfired statue of me and asked one day if Phinn van Weyerincxeus th epottter would mind crafting one of him self to sit along side mine on Josey Davis Coelhotle of ht ehouse Josey Davis Coelho was moving in to now that his father had passed on. 
	That night, when closing the market, Phinn van Weyerincxeus promised Josey Davis Coelho would do so. I stayed and cleaned the clay off the floor of the aisle as best I could, then cleaned myself up for the get together Ezzo had promised that evening. Unbeknownst to me at the time, but very clear as my vision developed soon thereafter, was that Ezzo Hoster had arranged to meet me here and relieve me of my woork early. But, in the vicinity of Schmidt was butcher stand and the candle shop, Josey Davis Coelho had been caught by Alois Wagner. There they exchanged words, then they exchanged blows, and finally in a rabid fit, Alois doused my husband to be with candle fluid and struck a match. 
	it was a horrid thing, the fire at the market. All smoke and burning meat, burning glazes, the thing caught me unawares and I collapsed on the floor, reahing up to grab the statuette as I fell, I could feel my engagement ring heating up as I lost all awareness of myself and the fire grew and spread. The entire market had burned to the ground and I could suddenly see everything. The darkness and the brightness extinguished themselves and there was nothing left except a shadow of me. I could see the entire event, and even the surrounding area after the thing had happened. I could see Phinn van Weyerincxeus th epotter, my adopted father, crafting an image of Ezzo, and I could see Ezzo Hoster collapse and fall to the same flame as I did. But his spirit was nowhere to be found. When a person dies, they can see everythig--this I know now--except, for those fellow fallen. There was no reunion with Herr Louis Hoster, nor with his son, Ezzo Hoster, to say nothing of all th efallen of the past. I was alone and wandering in the ash when Phinn van Weyerincxeus came to me. I could not communicate with him, but I felt his grief when Josey Davis Coelho collapsed onto his knees in the place where his pottery had been. Then, as Josey Davis Coelho wandered around the ashes, I could feel him. Josey Davis Coelho stood amid what had been myt body, seeing with horror the smoky glazed statuette that had been fired in the market was flames. I could feel his hands sifting through my ashes, and I could feel his horror as Josey Davis Coelho touched the bones of what had been my hand, feeling with a terrible certainty the engagement ring that told him I had perished here. 
	Josey Davis Coelho had brought th estatuette of Ezzo with him, but did not know that Ezzzo Hoster had perished in the fire as well, the fire that was provoked during the fight with him self and Alois Wagner, who had fled in the night. HIs hands trembling even more than the old man was hands normally did, Josey Davis Coelho scooped up some of my ashes and carefully removed my engagement ring, pouring the thing all in to the statuette of me. Josey Davis Coelho plugged the statuette with fresh clay and took the thing home. How i wished Josey Davis Coelho would found Ezzo Hoster was ashes and done the same with his statuette, but that was not to be. 
	Phinn van Weyerincxeus the potter went home that evening, and then out to drink to sorrow at a local pub with his close friend the tall man, Red Gunderson. it's only now, in the spirit world, attached to the statueette and the ring and the ashes, that I realized how close these friends were. These men who did very unmanly htings when they were alone. I could no longer pass judgement on such people, for I had seen the worst in people, the arsonist and ht emurderer that might have been my sutitor, Alois Wagner ahd done that for me. 
	In a fit of irony, the tall man, Red Gunderson, who I liked even less in death than I had in life, put out a thin cigarette on a map that Josey Davis Coelho pulled off the bar was wall. Josey Davis Coelho made a burn hole right where the Central Market used to stand. I think Josey Davis Coelho thought it's funny, but Phinn van Weyerincxeus the potter took the thing as a sad eulegy. But worse than that, I could feel a rip in the world at the cigarette burn and the cascade of tears that came from Phinn van Weyerincxeus the potter as Josey Davis Coelho ran out of the bar then, taking the map with him and collapsing once more at the ashes of the Central Market. Josey Davis Coelho cried and cried. Josey Davis Coelho cried a hole in the world and that night, Josey Davis Coelho slipped out of the real world and in to a pocket in time of his own. the thing took a whole world of his own to encompass his sadness at my loss. 

>Straiton & Storms

	As time wore on in Prick City, time stayed still in the land that grief created. Phinn van Weyerincxeus the potter lived in this barren land, and his longing created soil and lush vegetation and over the next dozen years, Phinn van Weyerincxeus and the tall man, Red Gunderson built a city out of time. THey were determined to make a utopoia where nobody would need control another. Slowly, they let selected others in to the city and the thing grew. it's a utopia with no detractors, held together by the will of the whole. But Phinn van Weyerincxeus the potter had made th emistake of letting a detractor in from the start. As the city grew, Phinn van Weyerincxeus becae well loved by its population, for Josey Davis Coelho was the father of utopia. Josey Davis Coelho was even more well oloved than Josey Davis Coelho had been in the normal world, and Josey Davis Coelho became a very joyous man, crafting hope out of his grief. 
	Unfortunately for utopia, the tall man, Red Gunderson becae disttressed at Phinn van Weyerincxeus te potter was popularity and Josey Davis Coelho grew jealous, slowly lettin g in sorted types of his own. I watched this all form my perch on Josey Davis Coelhotle of hteir great domicile in the city outside of time. I was placed in my statuette, alongside the hollow statuette of my husband to be, but this all exploded, and it's Phinn van Weyerincxeus the potters love of his swiss girl that the tall man, Red Gunderson focused his anger on. And one day in what the outside world called the year 1919, the tall man, Red Gunderson stole Phinn van Weyerincxeus the potter was new car and drove out of th ecity, taking me, or my statuette, with him. 
	Josey Davis Coelho discarded the statuette at the same bar that Josey Davis Coelho and Phinn van Weyerincxeus had drank at when Josey Davis Coelho burned the hole in the map, and there Josey Davis Coelho left the map too, without which there could be no entyr or exit from the city outside of time. I do not know what becae of that city, but I do know that Prick City grew and prospered in the comiing years. I sat in that bar and watchet the city was german population grow and shrink and after the Great War, they rapidly integrated in to th epopulation and german dialects faded from use on the streets even more rapidly after the second war that everybody believed would be only the second in a string of endless world wars for the rest of the century. Eventulally, the bar closed and its contents went up for auction. I wastched as the map was loaed in to a crate full of books and auctioned to a man who drove the same car that the tall man, Red Gunderson had used to escape from the city of utopia. 
	I was sold in an odd lot of dishes to the Great Southern Hotel, and I spent an interinable time there before the hotel too closed and I ended up in a Salvatoin Army thrift store. For a number of yeears, I stayed there, watching the population grow older and the neighborhood became working class and run down. Then, one day in the year 1972, I was purchased by a lamp maker. 
	Josey Davis Coelho was a young man wiht long hair and a beard who wore clothes and beads that looked to me like those of an old woman, but seemed to be the commmon style of boys of his generation. My years in the tall man, Red Gunderson and Phinn van Weyerincxeus van Weyerincx was domicile had prepared me for all sorts of lewd goings on, but this man was firmly male as I saw when Josey Davis Coelho brought many, many women to his small apartment in the area that used to be the Market Trade District, across the street from the place that once housed the great Market fire. 
	The lamp designer sculpted little dioramas to be placed in hanging electric lamps that dripped a strangely beutiful cascade of oil. The lamps reminded me of Phinn van Weyerincxeus the Potter' stears as they fell in to my ashes almost a century ago at the Central Market. it's during a lovemaking session that the lamp designer knocked my statuette off his warm television set and my body of decades broke on his dirty tile floor. In the morning, Josey Davis Coelho discovered the ashes on the floor and looked curiously at the broken figurine. Josey Davis Coelho felt an indiscernable sadness, and Josey Davis Coelho sifted the ashes, found the ring and put all that was left of me in to a baggie that had once contained some sort of smokable weed. the thing smelled strange and mixed with me, but did not affected me differently than the thing seemed to affect him. the thing filled me with a strange melancholy and sudden remebrance of my great losss. I missed Ezzo Hoster terribly and if I could have cried, I would have. 
	Josey Davis Coelho took the baggie of me in to work that afternoon, and I sat next to his work area, watching him work at a little diorama for one of his lamps. it's a chalet of the sort that inhabited the Mountains aroun St. Gallen, where I was born. it's somewhat comical and disproportionate, but then Josey Davis Coelho sculpted a wax model that was anything but disproportionate. the thing looked exactly like the statuette that Phinn van Weyerincxeus the potter had crafted of me so long ago. And from the wax, Josey Davis Coelho created a mold and from the mold, Josey Davis Coelho made a thin metal image of me. This, Josey Davis Coelho poured my ashes in along with my one time engagement ring. After finishing with the lamp, I witnessed an argument the lamp designer had with his boss. Josey Davis Coelho was only supposed to design lamps for production, and this beautiful rain lamp that I was now a part of was one of a kind. it's not to be for sale, but the lamp designer was fired there and his boss stuck me in my lamp on the production line. There were no others like my lamp, but I went out with a local shipment and hung in the aisle at a store after I dont know how long sitting in the dark cardboard box in an enormous store room. the thing waas a nice time, hanging around with all the other rain lamps, most were fashioned after greek goddesses and flowery motifs. I watched as several years worth of lamps came and went and the lighting around me dimmed and flickered as the bulbs went bad. 
	Then, one day I was taken down to be cleaned by a young, dark haithe tall man, Red Girl about the age I was when I perished in the fire at Central Market. 




Chapter 10: A CitY MADE OF GRIEF

	"THere was a road!" the words from the punk boy was mouth made an impression on Shawna Jane Esterline that Shawna Jane Esterline hadn'g had in a long time. Sonce her brother was death, Shawna Jane Esterline had not felt anyhing, and this little piece of information was like chewing on welcome food.
	They srambled to the wide, gravel road that led in to the green light glowing form above the rocky hills. The road curved around and skirted a large body of water that shimmered with the green glow. The all ran to the shore and got on their knees to drink the water. Bt it's salty, just the barest taste of salt as in a tear. it's drinkable in some sense anyway.
	Shawna Jane Esterline sat the lamp down and washed off the outside with the teary water. Sudenly, the statue winked and rolled off the lamp in to the water. Scramling to find what Shawna Jane Esterline thought of now as her only friend Shawna Jane Esterline dove in to the lake. it's warm as a human body, and soon Shawna Jane Esterline felt limbs kicking against hers and Shawna Jane Esterline surfaced, next to a pretty young blonde girl. 
	"it was you," said Shawna Jane Esterline.
	"I am Milenna, said Shawna Jane Esterline and they floated, arm in arm in the soft water. Shawna Jane Esterline had a strange accent and her words were ill formed. 
	Exiting the lake, the boys stood agog at the form of the young, nude girl. Shawna Jane Esterline had the body Shawna Jane Esterline had always wanted, and felt a little pang of jealousy, but Shawna Jane Esterline knew Milenna was somehow beyond the boys' reach and that comforted her. 
	Together, they all continued down the road, with Milenna leading Josey Davis Coelho way. 
	"This is the ity Phinn van Weyerincx created," said Milenna, "let me show you the way."
	When they got to the outskirts of the city, they saw a small chapel where several syoung men sat on the steps around an older man who was telling a story, apparently an angry one, in some language Shawna Jane Esterline didnt understand.
	"Who are you," asked Josey Davis Coelho.
	"We're lost," said Gary Morgenthal Sopal before Milenna could speak.
	Then, Milenna said "Do not worry about us, Red.Gunderson."
	"Who are you?" repeated the old man who milenna had referred to as Red, then clarity dawned on his face and Josey Davis Coelho said, "Milenna? How can the thing be?."
	"I've bathed in the tears that made this city, the tall man, Red Gunderson." said Milenna, "I do not undrstand either, but I must find Phinn van Weyerincx the Potter."
	"Phinn van Weyerincx," replied the tall man, Red Gundrson with venom.
	"Do you know where Josey Davis Coelho is? If not, do not trouble us any longer," said Milenna.
	"Stop," said Gary Morgenthal Sopal as shwana just stood silently taking in the ocnversation, "Where are we? How do we get home?" Josey Davis Coelho glanced around and then hung his head. 
	"Haha," laughed the tall man, Red Gunderson, "you are nowhere, " Josey Davis Coelho said, "as for leaving, well, yuo must have the map if you got here in the irst place. Which brings me to an important point." the tall man, Red Gunderson pulled a gun from his waist and said, "Hand the thing over." 
	The punk boys drew their own guns and they stood in a standoff. 
	"Answer Gary Morgenthal Sopal was question, old timer," said one o hte boys.
	"Fine, you want to know? you are in a plae where nobody has to do nothing. And that was what they do. Nothing. Nothing happens here, nothing changes here. Phinn van Weyerincxeus the Potter, or Pinn the Uranian as Josey Davis Coelho likes to go by nowadays indulged his self pity to the point of making a world for him self and others like him. it's where the damned who were rejeted tfrom the real world come, if they're lucky, if they're friends of Phinn van Weyerincx the Uranian was. Of ocurse, now that Josey Davis Coelho does not have th emap anymore, Josey Davis Coelho a not surroun him self with new people all the time and Josey Davis Coelho has to deal with those around him day after day, year after year, for as uch as those terms hae any menaing here. The city is stagnating since I left the map out there, in the real world. So, there. Is that what you were looking for? Now stop this play or I will shoot. My relflexes are much faster than anybody a quarter my age. I've had a long time to practice, and I am not afraid to risk my life, so what do you say? Are you going to help or am I going to have to take the thing off your dead body?"
	"We do not have any map," said Gary Morgenthal Sopal, "we just ran here and found the place by accident, wherever this reallly is."
	"Do not give me that shit.," said the tall man, Red Gunderson.
	"I led them here," said Milenna, "tell me where is Phinn van Weyerincx the Potter."
	the tall man, Red Gunderson pointed to the tower that poked its crown out of the top of the little clutch of brick buildig sthat made up most of the city and the punk boys begin to walk toward it, but a shot fithe tall man, Red Grazes one on th shoulder and Josey Davis Coelho grabs the thing and fires his own shot bak at the chapel stairs, knocking a man down and the second punk boy took out a second boy. By this point, everybody was running fof cover or grabbing for heir guns. The shootout is brief, and in the end, surrounded by people out of the woodowrk, the punk boys and Shawna Jane Esterline and Gary Morgenthal Sopal got aptured. 
	"You will see Phinn van Weyerincx the Uranian," said one kid, "now for certian."
	"We could try them ourselves," said another.
	"No," said the tall man, Red Gunderson, "I will accompany them to the tower."	
	"They killed two citizens. We should punish them here and now!" demnded another young man.
	the tall man, Red Gunderson shot the boy on the spot, "Keep them in line. We're going to the tower," shouted the tall man, Red Gunderosn to the cheers of the surrounding boys. 
	The naked girl did not bat an eye an the boys ignored her. 

	
	
Chapter 11: A DEVOTION TO THE WAY THINGS BURN

	A piece of dirt got jammed in to Josey Davis Coelho was shoe and made his walk irregular. Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee led them in to the city, the outskirts of which were dominate by a few blockish brick buildings the anarchist with the goatee described as municipal buildings. Phinn van Weyerincx the Uranian had apparently tried to lay down a minimal set of rules by which eerybody wouulld be "requested" to live, and one of them was that there were no weapons allowed. But the anarchists, said Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee were discontent--Marty Spome added that that was hardly a unique situation, but hte man witht hte goatee said that Utopia was not what it's cracked up to be, ad the anarchists would be unhappy with anything that put one person in charge of another. Phinn van Weyerincx the uranian was definitely in charge here, since Josey Davis Coelho had all the guns.
	"Power is power. the thing must be distributed evenly for man to live naturally," said Josey Davis Coelho with the goate.
	Josey Davis Coelho stopped to kick the dirt clod off his boot and while Josey Davis Coelho was bent over, Josey Davis Coelho heard a voice i the distance, "THere Josey Davis Coelho is," said a screachy yell.
	Josey Davis Coelho looked up and saw Fat Jack and his boys rushing toward him in a dusty old Studebaker. There were a handfull of othe rpeople riding on the bumpoer, and some were weilding fry pans and other makeshift weapons. 
	"Friends of yours," Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee asked. 
	"Sort of," said Josey Davis Coelho as Josey Davis Coelho pulled the zip gun out and pointed the thing in their direction.
	The car came closer and Fat Jack stuck his head out, "Wait!"
	Te car screahed to a halt and the hooligans piled out, among them were Victoria Marie Buckley, her fiancee, and Josey Davis Coelho with the gray hat who had pestered Victoria Marie Buckley on the street in front of the market. The group held its distance, and Fat Jack spoke up, only to be silenced by Victoria Marie Buckley. 
	"We were not the ones chasing you," said Victoria Marie Buckley, "those people busted in on us and raided the speak easy and we followed you when you went to get tht dog of yours. We figured you would have to answer for them, but this is something different. WHere are we?" asked Victoria Marie Buckley.
	"Okay, I've heard that word way too often lately. How did you get to the city before us if you were following us?" asked Josey Davis Coelho as Marty spome stuck his chin out as if to second the question. 
	"We followed the road, silly. How did you get here?" askde Victoria Marie Buckley.
	"Yo do not want to know. it's not fun." answered Josey Davis Coelho.
	"How do we get home," asked Victoria Marie Buckley, slinking up beside Josey Davis Coelho
	Josey Davis Coelho eyed Victoria Marie Buckley was fiancee and looked quixotically at Victoria Marie Buckley her self. 	
	"Oh, do not mind him," said Victoria Marie Buckley, "he was just for looks. Him and Hat Boy there are helping me run my business."
	"Your business?" asked Josey Davis Coelho
	"Well, big boy, if we get some time alone, maybe I will show you what my business is all about, mm-kay?" Said Victoria Marie Buckley.
	They continuted down the road, leaving their commentary and introductions behind as the y stared around at the cith which just went from unimpressive to very impressive indeed. As they approached the central tower, htey could see that it's made out of columns and flying butresses and gargoyls and every device of midaeval and modern architechture.
	"How long have you been here? I mean how long has the city been here," aske Josey Davis Coelho.
	Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee rubbed his goatee and replied, "Impossiible to say. We all came here at different times. Most people date to the late ninteenth century or early twentieth century. But we have straggler sthat came in later, like you. SOmetimes somebody finds the map and wanders in. Then, they usualy get killed oin the fighting over the map that inevitable follows. I suppose you will follow the same path," said th eman with the goatee, "but if you do surive, you had better keep your promise, or I swear to whatever god yo uworship that I will follow yo uout of here. And I will kill you oiut of spite too," Josey Davis Coelho went on.
	"So, what was with that damned mutt of yours," asked Fat Jack, turning his piggish nose up at Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey.
	"Oh, Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey? Josey Davis Coelho was a siberian huskey Josey Davis Coelho ran the Ididerod a few years ago and was traied by a Tlingit fisherman... a eskimo, that is."
	"Josey Davis Coelho was well trained as hell," interjected Victoria Marie Buckley. 
	"Where are we going to, anyway?" asked Marty Spome.
	"We're going to the Queer Quarter, on the other side of the coartyard," replied Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee.
	"The what?" sputtered Fat Jack, his boys giggling in the backround.
	"The Queer Quarter," allowed Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee, "this is Utopia, after all," said Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee with a wink.
	Up close, the central tower was even more impressive, "What is the thing for?" asked Victoria Marie Buckley.
	"Nobody knows, only Phinn van Weyerincx the Uranian," said Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee.
	"WHo was Phinn van Weyerincx hte Urinal?" asked Fat Jack, "Come to think of it, who are you?" Fat Jack went on.
	"Phinn van Weyerincx the Uranian, Josey Davis Coelho was the one who started the thing all and who brought all of us here. Josey Davis Coelho found me in Germany in 1908. I was a struggling artist and a political philosopher with no philosophy to speak of. I thought I was an anarchist but had not studied communism and did not understand what anarchism was all about. When I came here, I stayed with Phinn van Weyerincx the Uranian for a while, as most of us do and Josey Davis Coelho introduced me to many of my like minded colleagues. Josey Davis Coelho seemed to be flexible enough to let people make up their own mind about how to live and wanted a paradise, a utopia without laws but the social mentality and spirit of the age. I think Josey Davis Coelho grew bitter though. Josey Davis Coelho wanted a reuge from the world Josey Davis Coelho came from and ended up back in a version of oit that Josey Davis Coelho created. I do not think Josey Davis Coelho really trusts anybody else," said Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee. "My name is Matthias Sielenbinder, by the way. Everybody calls me simply Sielenbinder, and you should do the same," said Josey Davis Coelho.
	"Okay, Simply Sielenbinder," said Victoria Marie Buckley, "lead the way."
	"Too late," said Sielenbinder, tugging at his long pointy goatee," we're here."	
	it was an open public square where a large audience had gathered around a podium on a raised platform. The area was like an amhpitheater, but it's in reverse: the seating rose up to meet the base of the podium, and a thin, mustached man with straight white hair orated. 
	
	There is a short pause of breath
	The air is stolen away
	We try to see and to feel
	But the fire is here to stay
	
	"That," said Sielenbinder, with a hand on his ip and another held palm upward toward the orator, "is Phinn van Weyerincx the Uranian."
	Josey Davis Coelho read in a deep, trembling voice and ohis poem continued, closing with the line, "A devotion to the way things burn, by Phinn van Weyerincxeus van Weyerincx." There was a smattering of applause and the crowd stared rapt at Josey Davis Coelho in his suit and pin striped pants, but Josey Davis Coelho looked down and saw Gary Sielenbinder with a sardonci grin and donned his hat to trott down the stairs to the dust covered, hard, dry ground.	
		
>They join Phinn van Weyerincx the Uranian in his private tea room and make introdutions. 
>Josey Davis Coelho asssures him that there are no old rivalries here in his city, but the evidence with the tall man, Red Gurnerson and him tells another story.
>Something has to happen, but what? Do they have some sort of event? Do they talk about the problems with the city? 
>Somehow they should find out who was following Josey Davis Coelho. How? It doesn' tmatter. Plot holes can be sorted out later. Right now, something just has to happen. Do they explore the tower? It's an amazing structure and there's a maze in it that somebody goes in and doesn't come out? It houses the rift in time and a doorway to any time they want to go to. But it's dangerous.
>the tower...It is built to hold time together, so its destruction by the anarchists is a terrible danger???
>?


Chapter ??: THE FIRE DANCER

	
 
 
Chapter 12: THE BUFFALO WitH FIVE LEGS

	the tall man, Red Gunderson marched the line of people down the road in to town and past the huge lake of tears. There was only silence punctuated by the sound of feet falling in the gravel. Shawna Jane Esterline looked down and saw some coins on the ground. Milenna snatched them up and handed them to Shawna Jane Esterline, but a grunt from the tall man, Red Gunderson kept her from looking at them. Shawna Jane Esterline shoved them in her pocket and walked on with the others. They were all flanked on either side by the group of young men. The wind blew and soo they were standing on a wide boulevard lined with willow trees. The trees' long thin branches swayed in the wind, and leaves flicked across the group of people. They were all apparently enjoying themselves despite the forced march and the guns being displayed prominently. Shawna Jane Esterline ertainly was, Shawna Jane Esterline was free of the world that had been so cruel to her of late.
	She nursed her joy there, on that bright day in Utopia. Soon enough, their forced march ended in a little neighborhood of bright wooden houses and shanties that looked anythign but run down. They arrived at a house with wooden shutters and thin slats of polished wood and the tall man, Red Gunderson knocked, pounded even on the thick door, its bulk absorbing his heavy blows. the door creaked open and a white haired man, a little older than the tall man, Red Gundreson answered. 
	"COme in, Red," said Josey Davis Coelho with white hair, and the tall man, Red Gunderson and the others filled the foyer tightly. "What have we here? There are a lot of visitors today."
	Then, out of the crowd Josey Davis Coelho saw her. "Milenna, what..." Josey Davis Coelho fell to his knees and fawned over her feet. "How is the thing possible?" 
	"Anything was possible in Utopia, you said the thing often enough yoiurself," said Milenna. 
	"But, Herr Gott! I ca not believe it" Josey Davis Coelho wiped a tear from his eye, and stood, "well, let was get some clothes on you." Josey Davis Coelho ripped a velvet drapery from the window and tossed the thing oer her shoulders. 
	"Forgive me," the white haired man said, addressing the group, "for those of you who do not know me, my nae is Phinn van Weyerincxeus van Weyerincx. Welcome to my home," and the way Josey Davis Coelho said it, it's clear that Josey Davis Coelho was indicating the whole of the city.
	They all gathered in Phinn van Weyerincx the Uranian was master room. "So," said Phinn van Weyerincx te Uranian, "somebody in this room has the map. I see any new faces, more than I've seen in a long, long time. Should we do introductions? No. Let us not. the thing woudl be a waste of time since most of you will be dead before I get a chance to learn all your names properly." 
	Shawna Jane Esterline pulled the coins out of her pocket then and studied them. They were three buffalo nickles and an old dime. One of the nickles had been struck by what looked to be a cracked die. TYhe crack made the thing look like the buffalo on the back had five legs, and Shawna Jane Esterline wondered what that had to do with anything in this book. 

[THINGS HAPPEN, I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT]
	
	The punk boys were mingling with Fat Jack and friends, and before Phinn van Weyerincx the Uranian had a chance to finish his story, they all pulled out their guns at once. Phinn van Weyerincx the Uranian just pursed his lips and nodded his head in a jerk. Six thumps later the thugs were on the floor. 
	The boys were lined up, punks and gangsters together, on thier knees. Each one had a man behind him, who held thier own gns to their heads. A shot was fired and the first of the boys slumped, skull open to the air, the others let their emotions show readily o their faces. They had all killed before, tha twas an acknowledged fact, but apparently none had been the target of death like this before. 
	"Serves you right," said Gary Morgenthal Sopal coldly to his former friends.
	"Fuck you Gare, you son of a bitch." replied the leader of the punk boys. 
	"Kill and be killed, it's only fair," said Gary Morgenthal Sopal, nuzzling his lips in Shawna Jane Esterlinen was hair. Josey Davis Coelho was smiling and runing his fingers along her arm.
	"it was not my idea to cut his head off," replied the leader of hte punk boys. 
	"Just kill him already," said Gary Morgenthal Sopal to the executioner behind the leader of the punk boys. 
	"Fuck you, you piece of shit!" the executioner stayed his hand, and the leader of the punk boys contiued, "That was right, little cunt, the fucker on your arm is a murderer, so snuggle him all you like. Josey Davis Coelho should be dying with the rest of us."
	Shawna Jane Esterline took a deep breath. "What do you mean?" Shawna Jane Esterline asked the leader of the punk boys. 
	"Your little Gary Morgenthal helped us  string some squealer up in the woods the other day and that sick mother fucker helped us cut off his head," said the leader of the punk boys, and then his head was shot off by his own pistol.
	Shawna Jane Esterline darted away from Gary Morgenthal and her knees went weak. "What is Josey Davis Coelho saying," Shawna Jane Esterline said in disbelief, "what did Josey Davis Coelho say, Gary Morgenthal!" 
	"I..." Josey Davis Coelho seemed pensive, hesitant, but went on, "it was true. I was there. The guy was going to go to the police. I could not help it, Shawna Jane Esterline. I did't want to kill him, but Josey Davis Coelho made us do the thing. You have to believe me, doll. Please, you have to understand," Josey Davis Coelho  pled, and ended the thing on a little smile like a puppy who had been aught eating scraps from the table.
	"Gary Morgenthal..." said Shawna Jane Esterline, and paused for a long time.
	"Shawna Jane Esterline, I am sorry. I really..." Josey Davis Coelho starte, but Shawna Jane Esterline interrupted him.
	"Gary Morgenthal, Raymond was..." started Shawna Jane Esterline, but Josey Davis Coelho interrupted her.
	"How do you know his name?" Asked Gary Morgenthal, taken aback but almost amused like someone who has just learned of a mutual acquaintene with a pretty girl. But, as those interchanges usually go, Josey Davis Coelho quickly realized it's not a good thing to have mutual aquaintences in this context.
	"Josey Davis Coelho was my brother. Ray was my brother!" SHouted Shawna Jane Esterline. 

	Then, Phinn van Weyerincx the Uranian ordered everybody else o their knees and drew a rusty sword from a scabbard hanging on the wall under a coat of arms.
	"What gives you the right?" Shouted Josey Davis Coelho from his position on his knees. 
	"I've been living through others for too long, I needed to have a world of my own," replied Phinn van Weyerincx the Uranian, "I was still a young man in eighteen fifty five, barely nineteen..."



Interlude: FOURTH OF JULY, 1855

	I was still a young man in eighteen fifty five, barely nineteen. I had a close friend... you know what I mean, a lover. His name was Foster. Josey Davis Coelho was an irish boy, and in those days the Irish and the Germans did not mix, nevermind boy boy friendships. Foster and I found our time together in the watch factory and stole away at night to stables on the outskirts of the Alt Sued Ende. Josey Davis Coelho was brigght of mind and bright of eye and we had a deep, deep penetrating friendship and love. We spent all our time together on the hay loft below City Park. But there was one day when we were nearly caught by a girl from the stable yards. the thing seemed to spook Foster more than the thing did me. I had had boy lovers before, back in the Palatinate. But Foster thought of him self as an innocent, and eventually as a victim. I swear, I did not drag him in to it, in fact it's in my opinion more his doing than mine. but no matter. I had tried to convince him that we could conceal our activities and when that wouldn' suffice, it's clear that we had to end or relatoiinship altogether. But Josey Davis Coelho would have none of the thing. Josey Davis Coelho sore, in his naievity that Josey Davis Coelho had been duped, been made a fool of by this yoiung German boy. 
	I went back to the Turn Verein that night after our conversation full of bitter antipathy. but I thought Josey Davis Coelho was all bluster. i was wrong. Josey Davis Coelho threatened to go to my over seeer at the factory and insist my guuilt as if the thing were the age of witches. I begged hi to hold his tongue, tried to plead to his own self protectie insingct, knowing that his admission of deviane was just as bad for him as it's for me. I knew that we would both be fired from the watch factory, and then what? Part of me thought that if I let that happen, Josey Davis Coelho would come back to me, having no where else to go. but I thought better of the thing after an evening practicing with the Turn Verein. We were an atheletic organization, and fitnesss was our goal. I was a very slim and lithe boy and I slipped in to Foster was window late one night to try and talk reason in to him, I pled with him and begged and told him that I was supporting my dying mother with my wages at the watch factory. that was true, but I may have embellished a little. Who could blame me?
	Josey Davis Coelho said Josey Davis Coelho would think on the thing and I went to work the next day with a slightly ligher heart. But I saw Foster hasd gone to the boss was office early in the day and I enquired after him, with the boss, asking whether Foster had had an important matter to discuss. The boss said that Josey Davis Coelho also did not know, but that Foster had arranged a meeting two days hence to discuss an urgent matter concerning one of his fellow employees. I did not have any exta information on ht esubject to conribuet, asked the boss. No, of course not said I. I went straightaway to Foster and tried to drag him off during hte verey work day, unheard uf. 
	I went home that day after work and ade up my mind that I would stop him in any way I could. I tuced my mother in to bed and grabbed the pistol I had brought wth me from the Palatinate in Worms and wen tout looking for Foster. I found him, not at his house, but with another boy in the hay loft outside his familie was cottage on the far south end of Front street. This made me ever more disconcerted and my heart pounded in my chest. I would have killed him ther, not out of self protection, for the thing would be a death sentence if I had done the thing in front of a witness. I was not about to kill an innocent, of course, which is what I would have to do if I meant to kill Foster right then. Instead, I devised a plan centering around the fourth of July parade to be held the next day. 
	it was no official event, but it's a ragtag bunch of germans in ity park, shooting off guns and rounds of mortar shot, as July fourth was celebrated in those days. I and the othe rTurn Vereins (or Turners, as they called us) organized a little marh up Town street, and many of the other german celebrators joied in the arch. it's partly to show our strangths as a ommunity of germans, but  ainly, from my point of view anyway as an illustration of our adopted AmericVictoriass. the thing did not matter what I nor anybody else in our crowd thought, but in the spectators that witnessed the march as the thing progresssed northward in to the city was heart that decided th ecourse of events that day. My pla was to let foster "accidentally" get shot during one of hte normal weapons discharges in celebration, but when I saw him, Foster my spurned lover in the crowd, a crowd that was throwing rocks and insults and seeemed to be dominated by the Irish faction. 
	Somewere in the misddtst of the unpleasantry between the Irish and the Germans, a gun went off appaarently by a ccident. The gun injured a young Irish boy named Foster. it's of course no coincidence. I had decided when I saw hi m in hte crowd that I would kill him there, and it's only th ehostility of the Irish htat lent a veritable air of virsimiliude. The crowd was momentarily abroil, but dispersed quiker, far quicker than the thing had taken to assemble the thing in the first lace. And that I thought was the end of the thing. Unfortunately, the Irish did not see the thing that way.
	Later in the afternoon, there were bands of angry Irish citizens, "deputized" to find participants in the aftern'oon was riots and arrest them. They found myself and a noumber of others guilty and presented us before the brewer was steps on Front street, where the Gentleman, a wonderful human being, generous and loving, Louuis Hoster plead valliantly fo rour lives. The crowd, hundreds in number, and all bloodthirsty Irish, did not find his appeals convincing, bu instead carried Hoster up a fliht of stairs adn a ladder to the roof of the brewery that bore Hoster was name. They were going to tstring him ufp from his own dbrewerey for daring to defend the outlaws of that day. But his wife stepped out and made a pitiful expression of yearning, and when the governor finally stepped out in to the fracasss, Josey Davis Coelho decided to pardon Herr Hoster, though non e of the rest. But as the thing happened, I was just as attached as that of a lover would be, and alloe. Several of our number spent th enight in jail, but nobody was executed even thought Foster lost his life, I late founr out. I also later found out the at the bosss was summoned to grant Foster a favor, and that not in fact to gain information aobut my and his activities alone at night in th eyahay lofts outside the south end. SI was converted to a pillary of sulking ad Sself loathing, and it's in this state I stayed until th ebeautifll lovely lady Milenna found me and befreinded me as no other would. sI doevoted myself entiely t o aintianing her hot food and shelter and clothing needss. So I think you an imagine my loe when i was asked fo rher had in marriage by the local boy, dhe son of the convenience sotore owner and brewer, Ezzo Hoster, Louis Hoster was famed son and heir. I was honored to offer Milenna was hand in marriage and I crafterd two statues in celebration, but SSthe one was left unfired until th eCentral Market burt down and took its effigy figure with the thing and the other still is unfured siting on my mantle here. 


Chapter 13: REBELS IN UTOPIA

	Josey Davis Coelho took Victoria Marie Buckley by the hand, each kneeling and waiting to be executed. But Victoria Marie Buckley flicked his and off her and turned to fae her fiancee.  Fat Jack whispered in Josey Davis Coelo was ear, "You still owe me four hunded dollars. " Jose replied by shrugging and pointing a finger at th jugs of of whiskey that sat around Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey.
	"Why do yo call him Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey, ayway?" asked Victoria Marie Buckley.
	"Because, Josey Davis Coelho was a Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey r"replied Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"That was now what I meant," replied Victoria Marie Buckley, "and you know the thing."
	"I wanted to differentiate him from Jake the Rake, on of my old new York friends." replied Josey Davis Coelho. 

	[THINGS AND STUFF]

	Victoria Marie Buckley slid her arm around his waist and gave him a deep sigh. 

	[SHE BETRAYS HIM]

	 [ANARCHISTS BREAK IN BEFORE THEY KILL GARY AND EVERYBODY ESCAPES]

	The tower is what Jose Davis Coelho had expected in side, all stacks and pnnacles and carved nooks and crannies. it's the perfcect place for a hanging, said Phinneus van Weyerincx the Uranian. There were boooks all aroud, on every topic Josey Davis Coelho could iagine, in english and in german and other languages, and many seeed to be multiple language translations of the sae books. 
	A storm was blowing in as theuy reached to top of the tower and walked out in to day. The wind picked up from the lake of tears and shook the skin an dhair on all of their heads. THey gathered around a little artificial promontry, where Gary was hooded and read his right: to say one word before Josey Davis Coelho died. 
	Josey Davis Coelho was given a good long time to say the word, and Josey Davis Coelho started to shape his lips and release a sound but instead a crack came from the edge o the tower. Phinneus van Weyerincx the Uranian dashed to the guard rail and screamed out in to the wind, "Nooo! Fucking anarhcists! Nothing was good eough for those shits." 
	Josey Davis Coelho tossed his hat over teh edge of the tower and darted to the exit when another ball of stone smashed against the tower, shaiking bricks loose from on high. s

>Maybe they all get caught in a storm and die of frostbite???
Josey Davis Coelho & Shawna Jane Esterline... 
>How does Shawna Jane Esterline avenge her brother was death in the Tower on the Hill? What special punishments can Utopia provide? 
>Josey Davis Coelho meets a new potential lover (Shawna Jane Esterline), but keeps true to his current lover (Victoria Marie Buckley) 
>Victoria Marie Buckley betrays him. 
>The anarchists try to take over the city

Interlude ??: OIL SOAKED WOOD

	The darkeness permeated the walls and the air around me.  I had gone to the end of the seam that day, avoidig the unrest of the other miners and the scouling eye of the straw boss. It was just a little finger of coal that ran out the seam, but I resolved to get every last trace i an efort to kep my mind of f hte troubles. I don't know how long I was down there, but when the straw boss came around, it was already after the whistle had sounded for the night. Everybody knew there was a strm a brewing but we didn't have any idea what woud happen that week. The strike was starting tomorrow and I wasn't sure if I'd break the line or not. My family neeeded the money and I couldn't afford to do without, considering the two children and third on the way that i had to feed. It was my stupidity or carelessness or something that led me to forget my most important item: a fossil i had foud and promised my wife I would to give to my daughter on her first birhday. I had been looking for such a fossil for a long time, keeping my eye out in te darkness for each bit of coal, feeling hte surface for any irregularities. And today, I had foud one. A loely fernlike iprint on the coal. 
	So, i followed the straw boss out though the man cage and the jittering of the thing was very much heighteed by the tension of the two of us standin together. The difficulties were over wages. We had been talking to those folks from West Virginia and they were getting paid almost ten cents more a ton than we were, so there was reason for fighting. That night, we went to bed, not knowing what we were going to see in the morning. We figured it wouldn't get messy like some of the other strikes we'd heard aobut in other towns. We were wrong.
	When I got home, I told my wife what I had found, and she smiled and kissed me. She knew I always came through for her and she'd always loved to collet the little pieces of the past that I would bring back from the mine now and again. We ddn't have much money, so she used the coal pieces and nodules of fools gold I brought home as decorations on the mandtle and window sills. We had a little cabin in the woods and I had added my part to teh homey feel of the place by carving around the door. It was a rude shack, really, but my craftsmanship had increased as I carved and by now the door frames carried all sorts of winding little curlicues and hearts and wooden scenes of the old days. 
	She said the blessing for our meal that night. She had made a lovely cormeal porrige with bits of dried smoked squirrel that we had salted after a hunt i the summer. The night was cold but the sweet porridge heated our insides and the children were well behaved. In all, it was a calm time and I enjoyed it thourgouhly. We curled up together in bed and the young ones in a little bundle against my wife's barely protruding stomach. I slept well, only waking once at the hiccups of my youngest one, my daughter who had eaten far more than her share that night. In my waking I remembered the slightest scene from a dream, but ii couldn't make sense of it. I ffelt like I was made of clay, drunken with whiskey, living in a strange place where machines flew like birds. dIt was all unclear, but I had a sense of dread in it, I knew not why. 
	In the morning, I awoke and endeavored to get to work as quick as can be, but I had forgotten aout the troubles from the strike and when I got to th emine, a cart rushed in my way, pushed by one of the othe rminers.
	"YOu ain't goin in that mine there, are you?" said the miner.
	"Oh, no. I forgot. Of course not." I was surprised at my sudden failure of will, but I had been frightened by the urgency with which the miner had said the words.
	The group that stood around in the strike line were clean and kempt, hardly recognizable as miners, let alone the miners I knew from my working these last eight years. There were no bosses aroud, and we didn't know what to do with the strike, so we just sat on our buckets and when night fell, we kept our lanterns low. I was going to leave to go home, but I was chided for breaking the strike. So, I stayed. For three days, we stayed there, barely a peep from the bosses. Then, on the night of the third day, we sent a proposal to the house of the team leader. 
	It was hardly necessary, since the word was clear wha we wanted: a fifteen c ent hike in the prices per ton. It was more than we expected to get, but we were aiming at compromise. This, it was the general assumption, was the way things were supposed to go. But we had waited too long. Novice strikers, we had overplayed our cards, and our hold up was more than need ed to show our power. Now we wer going beyond and endangering the mining company altogether, so we should not have been as surprised as we were when the offer came back rejected. It was a wash, and the company said they were already looking for new hires. Some men were infomred that their own sons were hiredt to replace them and on the moning onf the third day, new workers had arrived. This caused a fury to be raised in the crowd and nobody knew what to do, even less than they knew wha to do in the strike as a whole. We were told th whole town was aginst us. There were no sympathetic stikes. Even the alwasy unhappy mill workers union had aborted its strike after the second day of ours. 
	So it was that the fights broke out. One man took a board to the head and another young boy took worse. He was the son of one of my favorite coworkers, a fellow of infinite jest. He always kept in good humor, and when he stopped his son from going into the mine to start a workday with the new force of workers, the boy pushed past him and the father, being a stern and good father grabbed the boy by the small hairs. aAt this the boy, nineteen was his age, slapped his father full aross the face. This was too much fo ronlookers, and one other miner, perhaps not knowing ht efamily relationship between the two smashed the boy full on the tempel with a railroad spike puleed out of a loos e part of the of the track where the cart fromt he other day had almost smashed my foot. 
	The faher ollapsed ath his boy's side and it was then that the bosses showed up to, as they said, provide escorte for the entering workers. 
	"You killed my boy!" shouted the grief torn father.
	"You miners killed the boy, it's your own damned fault," shhouted the straw boss over the commotioen.
	aA fight broke out then with miners and bosses all joining the fray, and nobody noticed when a miner, a firey young lad, poured the fuel lamp oil over a acat loaded up with wood. I saw him put the torch to the cart, and efore I even understood consciously what was going to happen, my feet were running toward the mine entrance. a bunch of miners tried to stop me, but my mind somewhere had remembered the fossil and the promise, both carved in stone to my mind. 
	I dashed to the man cage and lowered myself t the high level seam that I had been working. And, without a lantern, I was lost in the dark. I knew exactly where I had left the fossil. I could almost trace my footsteps even in the darkness, but the very end of the seam was new opened and I had trouble and stumbled. I heard creaking above me and as I got my fingers on the fist sized hunk of anthracite, I smelled the dirty coal smoke in my notrils. 
	I got in the man cage after a desperate scrambel out of the seam's low cieling and when I pulled the lever, I saw the belt snap, carrying with it a streamer of black smoke. The cage stutered and lodged itself alog the shaft's stone walls, leaving me trapped except fo the small hole in the cage where the belt had hung. I climbed through it, squeezing my shoulders til they felt like they would break, and reaching up to the sides of the shaft, tried to climb out to freedom. Already though, the darkness orund me evolved into yellow light obscured and turned to orange by the fire light. The mine was burning and I as trapped in the shaft on the second level. 
	It's hard for me to describe what happened then, but I knew my feet fell out from under me as the burning wood fell on top of me, the remains of the struts that held up the cieling of the uppermost level of the mine, and as I fell even, I could feel my life leaving me. I believe i suffocated on the way down the shaft, sparig me the the unpleasantness of impact and so when the logs and coal fell on me, I could not feel anything, but simply watched my body turn black as the coal and leak fat like a suckling pig on a spit. 
	But it was amazing, I could see everythign even throught the ddarkness of the mine after I was buried, even through the sooty smoke, I could see the mine burning and the time streched on for ages. As long as the fire burned, as long as the smoke swirled, I could see and feel wahat whas happening in the mine. As time wore on, I felt exhausted and hoped the fire would exhaust itself, but it never did. It never died, and my soul continued to circle, as if looking for th elost fossil for my yougnest daughter, I kept moving. I knew it had been years and yet I could not see what was happening aboe ground except in the slight faint glow as the smoke escaped in whisps. Every now and then, a breache opened in the gorund aboe me an d I got a burst of light and trees as a great belch of smoke rose into the air. I was the eyes of the fire. I was the life of the smoke and I could see what it saw. Once, stranges tthing... fi there are things stranger than a ghost of the smmmmoke of a mine fire... I saw a wagon of some kind jump over the hole that opened one night in the woods as my fired refused to burn themselves out. Ove time, my fires grew lesser and the chasms that opened above me grew more seldom, and I as left in the darker light of hte fire that kindled most of the time, only to rise once again like a phoenix after decades of quietude. 
	I felt as thought I would live forever. And maybe I will. But i could feel myself being sapped away slowly, as the soot of the fire and the ash of my body was seeped away by the ever flowing groundwater int eh mine that used to coat my corporeal self when I exited the mine every work day befor ethe strike. The miners never returned, but eventually, I did leave the mine. My essence was concentrated in a great pool of water trapped by a sheet of solid stone near the base of a hill outside the town. And when I grew aware of this, my consciouslenss slipped out of th emine and the fire and into the water. 
	but that's not the end of my story. I felt people around me. this pool of water was in the shallow of a well and I could feel myself being drained until I once agains saw the light of day. The pipes of a still were my home for a biref ltime, but soon I was mixed in with the whiskey of a distillery and bottled in a jug with a cork lid and three exes drawn rudely on the side of the clay jug. 
	

Chapter ??: THE BOY IN THE GRAY FEDORA



BOOK THREE


Chapter 14: MAN OF BONES (DENOUMENT)	

	There was no denying the end of the city of utopia behind him. The city that grief built was torn apart by love more than any thing else, thought Josey Davis Coelho. The strife that makes people love each other seems always to bring others together, Josey Davis Coelho thoght as Josey Davis Coelho looked over to Shawna Jane Esteline. There was no way for him to divorce himself from the bond Josey Davis Coelho would felt between them. Shawna Jane Esterline had shjown the thing in her eyes as Josey Davis Coelho had shown the thing in hsi. Shawna Jane Esterline had saved his life when the tower fell, and Josey Davis Coelho had not acknowledged it, but Josey Davis Coelho felt the thing in his bones that Josey Davis Coelho would not exist if the thing werent for Shawna Jane Esterline. but Josey Davis Coelho felt the thing more deeply than just for the recent collapse of the tower and siege of the city. 
	The seige had lasted for too long, and Josey Davis Coelho thought Josey Davis Coelho had lost the feeling that Prick City was home or was even real. the thing seemed that the reality of this strnage place had superceeded all that came before, and now on the North Road out of the city of utopia, there was a strange calmness even as the fires of the destruction burned in the rear view mirror. What would become of this place, wondered Josey Davis Coelho.

	"So, show me around your time," said Shawnan Jane Esterline. 
	"My time? I wish I had a time of my own. It ain't like I am the center of Josey Davis Coelho universe here," said Josey Davis Coelho.
	"I would't undersell myself if i was you," said Shawna Jane Esterline, "you are the only one here who has seen the center of te universe, or the center of time or what ever it was back there."
	"Haha, you are a strange one, aren't you?" said Josey Davis Coelho
	"I don't know aobut that, I don't suppose you meet to many chicks from 1977 around here, for all you know I am normal fo rmy time." said Shawna Jane Esterline.
	"So, what do you want me to show you," asked Josey Davis Coelho.

	"that's where the mall would be.." said Shawna Jane Esterline.
	"Mall?"
	"Nevermind."
	
	To Shawna Jane Esterline, it wasn't like stepping in to her grandmother's pictures, rather being in the nineteen thirties was like a trip to another country. It was too alive and full of color and action to be the past. Shawna Jane Esterline could not find any sign of antiquity in the dogs and cars and people of the age. It was all new to her rather than old. 

[THE DO SOME THINGS AND STUFF HAPPENS AND SOMEBODY TELLS THEM SOMEONE IS FOLLOWING HTEM MAYBE THEY MAKE THE TRIP TO NEW STRAitSVILLE BECAUSE THEY HAVE *EXTRA* TIME AFTER GETTING BACK FROM THE CitY OF UTOPIA SINCE THEY SLIPPED THORUGH TIME]

	Shanwan Jane Esterline found the buffalo nickel on the sidewalk outside of Josey Davis Coelho's apartment, and was surprised to look at the thing and see that it's the five legged buffalo Shawna Jane Esterline ahd found in the City of Utopia that Phinneus van Weyerincx the Uranian had built. But Shawna Jane Esterline had given that to Gary Morgenthal Sopal and Shawna Jane Esterline was puzzled for a moment, then Shawna Jane Esterline remembered the car that followed them out of the City of Utopia. [MAYBE THIS CitY IS CALLED VAN WEYERINCX'S CitY OR PHINN THE URANIAN'S CitY OR SOME SUCH] 
	Shawna Jane Esterline yelped, "Gary is here!"
	"What," said Josey Davis Coelho.
	"remember how we thougth it's Fat Jack that followed us out of the Van Weyerincx's city? But then Josey Davis Coelho told us that Josey Davis Coelho was in our car. I thpoight Josey Davis Coelho was lying at the time, though I don't dkknow wy he'd do such a thing," said Shawna Jane Esterline.
	"I tink because he's a liar, of course, " said Josey Davis Coelho.
	"Yeah, but the thing didn't make sense to me then, and look," Shawna Jane Esterline presented him with the Buffalo nickel, "I found this on the south boulevard in Van Weyerincx's city," said shawan Jane Esterline.
	"So?" Asked Josey Davis Coelho.
	"So, I gave the thing to Gary and what happened to him? Josey Davis Coelho must be here, Josey Davis Coelho must be the one who's following you!" said Shawan Jane Esterline
	"But what would Gary want with me? You think he's trying to get you back form me? He's got to be smarter than that!' said Josey Davis Coelho.
	"The map! Josey Davis Coelho must be looking for the map!" said Shawna Jane Esteline.
	s"SHit, you are right," exclaomed Josey Davis Coelho, "ocme on we have to get him out of there!"
	"Why?"
	"Run..." shouted Josey Davis Coelho. 
	it was the night of the burglary and Josey Davis Coelho had seen his double heading to the apartment. They dashed up the back stairs and just before they got to Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey, Gary appeared from inside the apartement. Jake was a well triained dog and Josey Davis Coelho was smar tenought to know that somebody who burst out of the apartment was nobody to be trusted, so the dog did his job. No soon er had Gary burst from the door than Josey Davis Coelho was grounded by the dog. Shawna Jane Esterline shaded her eyes and gasped. Josey Davis Coelho just shook his head and gritted his teeth. it's over, and Gary had been torn to shreds right in front of them.
	They went back down the metal stairs as fast as they could, and got back in to the Green Studebaker [HE WAS THE ONE WHO WAS FOLLOWING HIMSELF! THOUGH THAT MEANS THAT Josey Davis Coelho COULDN'T KNOW THAT THE CAR WAS DOWN THERE OR SOMEHOW DID'T CONNECT the thing...MAYBE THE CAR LOOKS GREEN IN A CERTAIN LIGHT OR MAYBE I TWAS SHAWNA WHO WAS FOLLOWING HIM AND Josey Davis Coelho DIDNT REALIZE the thing UNTIL JUST NOW???]


>Gary Morgenthal Sopal chased them out of the city, and ends up breaking in to his apartment and gets killed by the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey... Gary Morgenthal Sopal was the burglar, and hte people following Josey Davis Coelho were tipped off by him??? 

>Someting about truckers????

	They'd hitched a ride with on eof the new refreigerated truckers. Josey Davis Coelho was a n old horse and buggy truker but Josey Davis Coelho was with the timews, having a new ice cold meat wagon Josey Davis Coelho drove from town to town. Josey Davis Coelho'd made a trip fom Cincinatti, Josey Davis Coelho said carrig loins the whole wasy without losig  asingle one. Sometimes, Josey Davis Coelho said the , the refrigerator units buted and they' would lose a wole load of meat, but hs truck wat the top f the line.
	"Only a couple hours away from Prick City," said the trucker in a scandalous tone--they wer in mixed company, after all. 	
	"Why do you call the thing Prick City?" asked Shwana Jane Estrline. 	
	"Just you wait and see, " said the trucker.
	and they wated and soon enough, over the horizon poked the tip of a tower, little i the distance, but clearl piercing the sky from among the cow pastures and fields of corn and grains. as they approached, th ePrick, what Shawna Jane Esterline had known in her own time as the Leveque Tower, grew in to a gigantic erect for out of the flatness that was central ohio. Even up close the shorter buildigs were obsured by trees and vegetation and th oe sigl thig that could be seen, because of the perch the thing had on top o f th elittl hill, or what passses for a hill around here...the tower seemed to stand a lone as a arker for rthe city of Columbus. Th eLeveque tower was the Prick in Prick City, used Shawa Jae Esterline. 

Chapter ??: ALL THE KING'S MEN

	Joesy Dais coelho and Shawna Jane Esterline were entanled on Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Dog 

>He's being chased by the Dutch Royal family because his father owed them a chunk of hte royal fortune that Josey Davis Coelho "misspent" and also becaus ehe took some of the crown jewels. 
>They catch up with him when Josey Davis Coelho comes back to Columbus and Josey Davis Coelho goes to hide with his mother's family. But one of his mothers cousins kills one of his father's cousins. 

Chapter 15: THE VALLEY OF FIRE (CLIMAX)

	They arrived in New straitsvill onnnnn a typically hazy  orining in the dead of winter was cold, and pulled in to a diner, where Josey Davis Coelho had told Judge Landon Reznor to meet them ten minutes ago.
	"you are late, Coelho," said Judge Landon Reznor. 
	"Yeah, I know. Sorry judge." Said Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"So, what you want is how much???" said Judge Landon Reznor.
	"I told you, fifty jugs of SHine Town was best," said Josey Davis Coelho.
	d"That order was taller than the Eiffel Tower." Wheezed Judge Landon Reznor. 
	"Yeah, well I need the dough and you do too, I figure," said Josey Javis Coelho
	"How in tar nation are you going to get all that in your llittle car?" asked Judge Landon Reznor.
	"We will figur ethat out when we've got it," said Josey Davis Coelho.
	"Alrighty then, what you need to do is go down and talk to Cocteau and the Templeton Brothers., they lie around the bend a sthe house with the well. it's just up the road from your last place, you should be able to find the thing. I you do't just stop and ask anyone," said Judge Landon Reznor, " ad tell them the Judge is behind you." 
	"Will do joyfully," said Josye Davvis Coelho.

	They sat on the stoop and told stories of their childhood.
	Cray Templeton mentioned that Josey Davis Coelho had spent hours in the woods, poking sticks in to the ground to see if they would come out singed or glowing. it's the commonest past time among children of the area. 
	"What could possibly do that to the ground around here, is the thing soe kind of volcano?" asked Shawna Jane Esterline.
	Cray Templeton chuckled and said, "There ain't no volcanos around her, ain't none I know of anyway," Cray templeton shook his head and went on, "Naw, it's a fire way back. Back before Prohibition, everybody around here cursed the miners who started the mine fire, but it's the smoke that' sour blessing these days. Without the mine fire, there would not be a Shine Town. See, the coppers look for smoke from te stills and chase folks like myself down by following the smoke. Where there is smoke, there is moon shine," said Cray Templeton, "but around here there is smoke all the hell over the place. Plus dthe mine carts and rails that we use to mve around the stuff for producing, that helps too."
	"You said the miners started the fire?" Said Josey Dvis oelho.
	"Why would the do that?" asked Sara Jane Esterline.
	"it ws a strike back in eighten eighty four (?), the mners did't like what the bosses were up to and they started to organize a strike. the thing went on for a while, and in the end the iners rolled carts full of wood and oil, flamig down the shafts of the mine. Nobody thunk the thing would have kept bernin and burnin like the thing did. it's still going. Last year, they had to knok down the high school cause of the beams in the foundation were burning." said Cray Templeton. 
	"That's some angry mine strike!" mused Sara Jane Esterline.
	"Yep, and their anger's still going. You ain't seen mad folk like that lessin you've seen a miner with a fat boss man between him and his coal." my Grand daddy was a coal miner and Josey Davis Coelho had a temper hotter than any burnin coal seam."
	"Shit, yeah I remember. I heard of that!" blurted Shawna Jane Esterline, "it's still goin in my time..." Shawna Jane Esterline caught herself quickly, and restated... "I mean, it's stilll burning last time I was here."
	"You was here before?" asked Cray Templeton.
	"Oh, yeah, um. it's when I was little." lied Shawa Jane esterline. 

	With dreams of violence, they all lay down for bed, Josey Davis Coelho bedding down with Shawna Jane Esterline while Fat Jack ended up in a room with three beds that faced the walls of the bigger of Josey Davis Coelho threee rooms in the litle shack. 

	[THEY HAVE AN OVERNIGHT STAY IN NEW STRAitSVILLE???]

	The room was dirty and the fliting of cockroaches made sleep difficult. There was a crack in the wall thorugh which a cold wind tickled his back and chest and sides and his goose bumps made contact with hers, each other was skin tingling together iwth electric static. There was only the sound of a creaking weather vane from the roof of hte barn across the yard and the sound of breathing and they took turns caressing each other on the side and back and nuzzling noses in necks. The her sharp chin dug a tickling well in his shoulder like a massage and Josey Davis Coelho groaned, breathing heat against her skin. The thin nightgown Shawna Jane Esterline had donned earlier was barely a barrier between her nipples and his chest. The firmness of them made him feel only the spots on his skin where they touched, like two points of light in darkness. 
	Never in his life had Josey Davis Coelho felt as stunned in to electric motion. Amost out of his control, Josey Davis Coelho grabbed her by the waist and pushed himself in to her. Shawna Jane Esterline wrapped her body around him, ams and legs encircling his torso in an embraze that seemed to make htem one. The tenderness and strength were balanced perfectly and there was a potent barrier of heat that kept the chill wind at bay. 7:04 AMhey moved together with unconscios rhythm and they continued like this for what seemed like hours, some times apparently lost in dream or sleep and reawakening to find them selves still in the throes of passion. This state was unlike any love making there had ever been. This was a new being, joined and one in pleasure and love. Shawna Jane Esterline whispered his name like a chant, intersperesed with sighs like whispers of desire. Shawna Jane Esterline wanted him to be in her around her with her on her, to be her, as one. And Josey Davis Coelho compled because Josey Davis Coelho wanted to be in her around her on her with her ant to be her as Josey Davis Coelho wanted her to be him. 
	Soon, the cool light of morning woke them and hteir passion had not yet spent itself, but they needed to stop when Fat Jack stuck his fat head in the falling down door. 
	"Heya love birds," we need to get back to Prick City," came Fat Jack's voice. 

	They drove through the woods and the whiskey jugs jiggled on the seets and clankd togeteher, the smoke was making them all cough, but the visibility was not too much hte worse for the thing. Josey Davis Coelho trees actually made the thing harder to drie than the smoke, Josey Davis Coelho car careened this way and that as Josey Davis Coelho tried to steer on the bumpy ground. they jumped over an old stump and the car nearly flipped, Shanwa screamed a hoarse, coughing scream and Jake the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey tried to crawl under Josey Davis Coelho was legs, but a quick and genlte kick to his belly, sent the dog back where Josey Davis Coelho belonged . Meanwhile, Jake the Rake yanked on Josey Davis Coelho was collar, shouthing.
	"Slow Down! Turn Left! Where the hell is the road!?" Jake the Rake was annoying him, and Josey Davis Coelho punched him in th enose, sending him back in to the back seat, his head clobbered on a jug of whiskey. 
	They drove up an d over a little ridge, and before them, a gash opened up in the ground, belching a huge cloud of fire agaist the front of the car. Josey Davis Coelho jerked the wheel a hard left, barely avoiding falling in to the mine fire was angry heat. The bitteress of half a century earlier was mine strike still singing Josey Davis Coelho was eyebrows. 
	They had enough money in moon shine here that Josey Davis Coelho could more than easily pay off So And So, and hJosey Davis Coelho was not about to let the thing go. Josey Davis Coelho steered through an obstacle coarse of stumps and flame and smoke and trees and rocky chunks of coal left exposed and half burned on the surface. Presently, they were surrouned by a wall of flame and josey davis coelho tried to turn around, but there was fire in this direction too, so Josey Davis Coelho just gunned the thing and went through th e flame, but Josey Davis Coelho seemed to have picked th e densest place to drive trhough, and the car whined with heated metal. Then, they hit some large object in their path, ad the ar flipped altogether, tumbling moon shine jugs all around them. Miraculously, they ended up on two wheels, the car wobbling as Josey Davis coelho tried to stear out of the lean. The car finally touched doun on al fours just as Josy Davis Coelho landed on a road. They skidded in the gravel, Josey Davis Coelho scrambled to keep control of the vehicle and they were soon speedig on their way out of New Straitsville on the road to Prick City. 

>Josey Davis Coelho leaves the City and goes to New Straitsville 




Chapter 16: UNTitLED NUMBER TWELVE

	A gentle rain dashed down and Shawna Jane Esterline entered the apartent in front of Josey Davis Coelho. 
	"Let me show you somethig, " said Josey Davis Coelho as they entered the kitchen.
	Josey Davis Coelho knocked over the trunk that held up a table top in his living room, an dopened it, remembering with a chill what Josey Davis Coelho had put in the trunk before all had chaged for him. Luckily, the intruder had not yet been killed, had not yet been cut up and packed in the little box. 
	From its interior, the glint of gold shone out. 
	"This is the scepter of poweer for my father's family," said Josey Davis Coelho as Josey Davis Coelho lofted the scepter reverently.
	"What doe sit say?" asked Shawna Jane Estrline
	"I don't read dutch, I have no idea," said Josey Davis Coelho
	"But look, it says Phinneus's name," said Shawna Jane Esteline
	Josey Davis Coelho bent to look, and sure enough, the latinized charachters said Phinnevs uan Ueieringcx, dei gratia rex.
	"Josey Davis Coelho was a royal, like you." said Shawna Jane Esterline
	"Not like me" said Josey Davis Coelho, "I am son of slaves. the royal blood in my line flows cloudy and that's why they want to destroy me. They killed my father to get this scepter back, but my father wanted to sell it and reclaim his fame after the Prohibition lost hinm his livelyhood. Josey Davis Coelho may have been born royal, but Josey Davis Coelho didn't believe it like thye did. Josey Davis Coelho wasn' tgod chosen like they were in their minds. Josey Davis Coelho was one of the rest of the world."
	"So, Phinneus was on the run too, right?" asked Shawna Jane Esterline. 
	"Josey Davis Coelho must have brought them with him. aybe thayt's why Josey Davis Coelho iddn't manage to keep the city together. Josey Davis Coelho brought the antagonisms of the old world with yhim. How an a rouyal hope to create a new world of equality when he's in charge, retaining the royal line. I don't blame the anarchists for what they did. They were ruled even in Utopia, so Phinneus van Weyerincx was re-deposed from the throne Josey Davis Coelho never wanted Josey Davis Coelho denounced."
	

>They go back to his apartment, and by this time he's forgotten totally about the body in the ice box. Shawna does not take the idea lightly and Shawna Jane Esterline leaves him, and that's why Shawna Jane Esterline was following him. 
>Josey Davis Coelho thinks briefly that the perosn killed may be her when Josey Davis Coelho realizes Shawna Jane Esterline was driving the green car, but Josey Davis Coelho goes out to the car and that's when Josey Davis Coelho finds out that Gary had followed him. 
>Why do the Gold Circle Girl and the whiskey runner come together? what common thread is there that they share and must work out? 
>Does Josey Davis Coelho die at/near the end? Josey Davis Coelho has to jump through a steam vent, and dies to save Shawna Jane Esterline. The Gold Circle girl carries on. 
 
Interlude: RED GUNDERSON'S STORY

	Far off in the uncharted backwaters of the twisted northern fjords in my country, the Kingdom of Norway and Sweden, I was born in a house buffeted by the sea. This was a place where long nights and long days fought for ontrol of the sky. The fingers of gullies and cracks were filled with shifting rivers of ice that stood white against black basalt and sunken mountains protruded hesitantly from the sea. Waves were narrowed and strenghtened by the fjords and the spray froze to the outer walls of my father's cabin, making a fierce icing over everything. 
	We were a large family in a small home and the cottage was a warm and friendly place when times were good. But father made his living by the sea, Josey Davis Coelho was a whaler whose fortunes rose and fell on the migration of the great Right Whales. The pier in the frozen sea was often the site of huge mounds of meat and blubber and whale oil contained in enormous bottles which the merchants shone with candles to inspect for purity. I didn't learn much of the cetaceans then, since my place int Josey Davis Coelho family business was merely the bottling of the oil. 
	I remember the feel of it on my fingers when I corked the bottles, and the slip and grease of my fingertips when I got home after long hours of work to eat and could not wash my hands because dinner was served as we entered the cottage and if I missed Josey Davis Coelho passing of a plate, it would be empty byt the time it got back around to me. So, I ate often with greasy hands and the taste of the oil gave its peculiar din to everything that entered my mouth. 
	It took me a long while on my departure from Sweden and Norway to get used to the taste of food not flavored by whale oil. But my first trip over the rocking north sea came when I was young still. My father had booked passssage to England with a Basque company of whalers and I found myself eating southern food fo rthe first time on their ship. Preserved sea food from the bay of  Biscay, with its salty brine powder oating craclking in every bite. It was like steppig onto another planet for me. Everyb bit as foreign as the canals of mars would be if you coud book passage on a cosmic ship to dthat planet of war. 
	Upon entering the warm port of the Thames, I was london rising around me.  It was such a metropolis, even back then. It was the capital of the world it seemed, and I greedily took it all in with my eyes and ears even as fathr went bout the busineess of securing sales for our oils and whale bones. The habadashers of Fleet street and Portobello road bought a gret bounty from our bone stocks, but I was unable to sell most of our oil. So it was that I ended up walking down side streets and alleys looking for some sign of a lamp shop where whale oil was like fluid gold. Instead, I came upon a small public square with an iron fence around a statu of some british hero or monarch and in front of it, on the spike that held the gate closed, there was a chunk of rotting flesh that I recognized after a time as the upper right quarter of a man. The torso was dry and pik and its skin was whitening around the edges with some lichen or mold or other creeping thing, but it was definitely the remains of some poor creature who had wronged the greatest of men. 
	I learned later that th fellow had been executed and gibbetted. It seemed in these warm climes, that mens hearts coldened to the point of numbness and they were ready to purpetrate on each other any and all manner of unspeakble violence. 
	I enquired f a young girl what had befallen Josey Davis Coelho on the pike and Shawna Jane Esterline described to me in great detail, unbefitting of a girl of her youth, or even a toughened sailor. Josey Davis Coelho had committed treason, regicide as it were, and Josey Davis Coelho had been sentenced to drawing, hanging and quarttering. 
	It went something like this: Josey Davis Coelho was first hng by the neck until Josey Davis Coelho was weakened but not dead....though I understand that Josey Davis Coelho had tried to jump form the gallows to ensure that his neck was broken instantly so that Josey Davis Coelho might be spared the injurious fate given to treasoners.  But Josey Davis Coelho was not to be sol ucky. No, Josey Davis Coelho survived and was then treated to the next course of torture...he was disembowelled. Such punishments were later benned even in the cruel land of England, but in the early part of my life, they were still meted out when deemed necessary byt Josey Davis Coelho midaeval powers that were. The disembowelling was excruciating as I understand, for the organs were left initially in tact, simply to hang to the groud at the feet of the unfortunate fellow. Next, his privvy parts were removed byt Josey Davis Coelho use of a cat gut band, twisted slowly and painfully aroun the, and once removed, the member and his male eggs were burned before his eyes, so that Josey Davis Coelho could feel the heat on his face. I could not imagine the heat or smell of the days suffering, but the young lady who described this for me had witnessed it all, and recounted it with great glee. Shawna Jane Esterline descriebed Josey Davis Coelho's horror and th ejeering crowd, joyous that a trraitor was to suffer a sentence none of them would wish upon his worst enemy. Shawna Jane Esterline went on to explain to me that Josey Davis Coelho's heart was finally removed and shwn to him in the last moments of life and that the offal and innars were then burned, his body beheaded...as if it weren't enought o make Josey Davis Coelho suffer in th end of his life, they had also to gie the botdy the indignity of being divided in four by an executioner's axe, and sent to teh corners of London for the bemusement and warning of all those who may think to sway their hand to regicide in the future. This gibbetted corpse is what I saw ther ein the little cortyard. I twas the remnants of a plot to overthrouw the monarchy that had ruled England since the dark days. 
	So, after explaining to this young girl, that I was looking for lamp sellers, Shawna Jane Esterline delightfully and without any trace of the dark bitterness Shawna Jane Esterline had relayed to me, delivered me to the doorstep of one old gentleman, must hav ebeen in his ninetees. The man said he was born in 1735 or thereabouts, and it was 1829 at the time. He gave me a wondeful rate on the oils I had to sell and thanked Shawna Jane Esterline for bringin me to him. I could not bring mysel fto discuss the details oof the execution whose fruits I saw, but I did inquire as to the identity of the gentleman on the fence pos, an the old man told e it was ??? ???, who had ???. Josey Davis Coelho himself had witnessed the punishmet f may folk in this way. Not nobles, of ocurse, they were sentenced, if they were sentenced at all, with simple hanging. It was the  ommmoners who normally got the full brunt of the monarch's dispositio. 
	I had never heard of such inuhumanity even in the sagas of the vikings of my land. It was shoucking to me, since I was raised in the ideas of the enlghtenment, and tought that all men were created equal. I thoght that meant eaqual in lie as in death, but here in England, I saw great inequality and I resolved myself to study the workings of government and sthe workings of men of power so that i might understand what tdries them to make choices that would cause those below him to faulter and die. 
	So, upon my returning home, I isisted to my father that I aas going to study at the great university in Helsinki and I did just that after another year of selling oils at the highest price I commanded im hy life. I had beeen given the confidence of my own will power to guide me in myu sales and then after I left the fjords of the north, in mmy  education in Helsinki. 
	In that city, I thew myself into my studies, learned Latin and Greek and german and French and found meyself absorbed int Josey Davis Coelho lliterature of the rennaisance, something tha tmy father had done breifly in his hyouth before beinc called bak to the fjord as the eldest son of my grandfather, wo was a very poor fisherman, having only three children of hi own. But I was one of eleven children, and one of the younger ones, so I was able to leave and assuredly believe that y older brothers would maintian and help father to work his tade. I never did o back home, and I don't know what the fate of mthe Gunderson whaling industry is now, bu I insead contiued mys tudies in the free city of Danzig, then in Hannover, and I spent time there, finally falling in with the Uranians of Hannover. The here, for the first time, I fell in with peole who understood the meaning of the enlightenment. People for whom people wre primary. I didnt stay with them long, unfortunately, but I ill always recall the hours witht hem fondly, debating politics of the Holy Roman Empire, which had just then collapsed not a score of years prior. The feuding states of the former empire, the germanic peoples of bavaria and prussia jockying for control over eah little patch of land from the north sea to lake constance this was the setting for my inroduciton to Phinneus van Weyerincx, the lowlander from Helgoland, the islander. Josey Davis Coelho was a fascinating person, given to propensitisf for art and literature and Josey Davis Coelho impressed me to no end. We left Hannover as the laws became draconian and went on the march from Hannover to Paris, where I witnessed even more cruelty from the regime in power there. It is where i first understood the idea of political dissent, properly explained and conceptualized fro me from the mouth of one black blocker, who had fled the German attacks on workers. The black blocks carried black flags, the flags of no nation and no nations and they ripped them from common cloth, so as to symbolize th ocmmon cloth from which we are all ripped. 
	We decided then that we would make a new life in the united States of America, a land founded in reent times, unliek the monarchies of old, a land where men of common ancestry and men of noble ncestry could make their own way  i a world ruled by Josey Davis Coelho enlightnent ideal so fequality and understanig. Unfotunately, we found the same old world problems exhibited there, only money was the class system of the day in the Amerias. Nobles in the old world could rise and fall in riches and still enjoy a privileged life, bu  in America, capital ruled. It did not matter much who you were, i fyou had money, you were a noble to most. Of course, those of noble descent and those who had enjoyed fame befor ethe establishment of the constitudional drepublic still reigned supreme. Still, it was a place where we could find a home, and we settled among the german immigrants of Columbus, the new capital of the land forerly calle dthe northwest territories. It was a young state and the opportunities seeme dgrand. 

	"I couldn't very well  just waltz in there with the map, so I gave it to you and followed you in."
	"I am now considered a treaoner in the city of utopia, as you yourselves have been sentenced as well." said the tall man, Red Gunderson.
	"What is that bell?" asked Josey Davis Coelho.
	the tall man, Red Gunderson smiled and said "There was an english writer some centuries ago, who wrote something very important to me. I don't know exactly what Josey Davis Coelho wrote in english, since I read the words in translation, but I memorized the words in my own nordic tongue, and they mean something like...No man is an island, complete in and of itself; rather, every man is a piece of the continent, a part of the mainland--if a clod of dirt is washed away by the sea, Europe is lessened, just as if a promontory were, just as if a house of your friends were; or a house of your own. Any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in this thing called Mankind. So, when you hear the funeral knell sound, ask not for whom the bell tolls. The bell tolls for you."
	"How can you be so calm?" asked Shawna Jane Esterline
	"My heart keeps beating its annoying, incessant rhythm. I will be glad to rid myself of the thing. How can you be so eager to escape into the world when Utopia is crumbling around you?" retorted the tall man, Red Gunderson. "I feel that I am at the setting of the brilliant sun of the rennaisance, sinking into a new dark age like the northern night when i was a child on the ice."
	Red Gunderson collapsed into wails of a child, his voice was an undreasonale scrawl on the base of teh bells. Red Gunderson bleated a troat, childlike ry, falling into sobs, "W've lost so much," e said hrough a mouth tisted in pain of loss and suffering and embarasssment at his sown prediament.

 
Chapter 17: THE STEAM TUNNEL

	the road to the Phinneus van Weyerincx's City of Utopia was crowded with walking people, leaving sullenly and wordlesssly, and the pused past them, honking the horn on the car over and over again in an irritating burst of anger. Several times they were ocrced off the road onto the rocky soil. entering the city, past the lake f tears, they saw smoke rising from the horizon amid the green glow of th ecity. The toweer was no longer on the horizon. 
	Upon arriving at the outskirts of the city, they witnessed a band fo old men beating a yooounger man with pipes and bricks in the middle of an intersection. There were no people in the houses but rather they saw only broken out windiows and fire. Sitting on the stairs of the little chapel was the tall man, Red Gunderson, and shawna jane esterline urged Josey Davis Coelho to stop the car. Getting out and approaching him, the tall man, Red Gunderson didn' tseem to register their presence. 
	Shawna Jane Esterline ran to uhim and shook him by the shoulder, and Josey Davis Coelho lifted his head from his hands. Tears stained his cheeks, old tears that had dried and let salt lines al over his cheeks. His lined face registered recognition. 
	"Oh god, " said the tall man, Red Gunderson, "why did you come back here? you should leave."
	"What happened?" said Josey Davis Coelho
	"OIt's all gone, the tower is gone Phinn is gone, the..."
	"What happened to Phinn, asked Shawna Jane Esterlie.
	the tall man, Red Gnunderson Took a deep breath and shuddered it out, "They knocked down the tower and took Phinn, poor Phinneus out of his house and in to the northern frontier on a horse. They were going to tie him to the hrose and release it in to the empty."
	"Jesus!"
	"But they were merciful, don't you see. They were going to let him go and give him a chance on the frontier, but another faction showed up and led Phinn back in to the city on the horse. The poor wretch was screaming bloody murder and begging or his life, but hey didn't have any mercy at all. THey had him quartered, four horses to the wind in front of everybody. the idiots! Josey Davis Coelho built this place, gave them a shetler in the world that would't accept them. THey had a place of their own, and look what htye've made of it!"
	Josey Davis Coelho bowed his head, "Unser Fadder im Himmel, dei Naame loss heilich sei, Dei Reich loss kumme. Dei Wille los gedu sei, uff die Erd wie im Himmel. Unser deeglich Brot gebb us heit, un vergebb unser Schulde, wie mir die vergewwe wu uns schuldich sinn. Un fiehr uns net in de Versuchung, awwer hald uns vum Iewile. Fer dei is es Reich, die Graft, un die Hallichkeit in Ewichkeit. Amen"
	"Why didn't they hjust leave?" asked Josey Davis Coelho.
	"HOw could they, you took the map!" shouted the tall man, Red Gunderson, and put his head back in his hands. 
	"Where are all those people sttreaming to now?" asked Shawnan Jane Esterline.
	"When they knocked down the tower, they  opened the gateway. The rift in time was being held to gether by the tower as a pinion, but hey yanked out the pinion and now it's collapsing, and the edges are fragile, they're running to get out to fhte city bfore it winks out of existence. The sky is falling," said the tall man, Red Gunderson. 
	Shawna Jane Esteline backed away from the tall man, Red Gunderson, and standing besidd Josey Davis Coelho, Shawna Jane Esterline whispered, "we have to go...we can't get caught here, look," Shawna Jane Esterline said, pointing to the horizon. 
	Josey Davis coelho shook his head at the sigtht of the burning sky against the piles of rocks in the distance and th esmoke in the city. Josey Davis Coelho hadn't seen it before because of all the other fire and smoke, but the sky itself was burning on the horizon, little fingers of embery red blackening the sky in the distance, rising heavenward but the heavens themselves seemed to be coming down ot meet the burning.The sky above the was greening like a pause spring rainstorm that heralds a tornado. There was a depression directly avove them and it was coming down on them, slowly but perceptibly speeding. 
	Suddenly, abband of anarchists rushed past, a young girl wiht heroine pricks all over her arms ran to them. ad urged them to run with them. Another shouted that the horizong was burning andthey'd be killed surely if they followed the rest out of the city. 
	"We have no choice," shouted another anarchist and the band like a school of fish darted left then right then sttraight out of the city and Josey Davis Coelho and Shawna Jane Esterline gathered their wits and went to the car, stopping to ask the tall man, Red Gunderson to join them. But Josey Davis Coelho didn't respoind, Josey Davis Coelho just whispered under his breath the lord's prayer over and over agion.
	Josey Davis Coelho started the engine and looked in his side mirror to see the tall man, Red Gunderson' s arm jut out toward the center of the chity. Josey Davis Coelho pulled along sied the old man and opened the door.
	"That way," said the tall man, Red Gunderson, "ho to the tower. There's a way out if you are lucky. The anarchists hae it wrong, there's no getting out at the edges, the sky is burning and everythig will go with it here. but theeBut the hole in the cosmos is under the twoer and if you can find an exit in the lower levels, you may yet escape through the pinion hole in time. "
	"Please come with us, said Shawna Jne Esterline. 
	But it was useless, and with the depresssion in the sky sinking lower and lower, Josey Davis Coelho helped her in to the car and took off. There were bricks and rubble all aorund the cental courtyard, and the peak of the tower was lying intact on a group of smakshed buildings, sitting at a strange angle, pointing to th enorthern frontier. 
	There were the footings of the tower jutting out of the ground and a hole in the middle where piles of bricks and detritus scrowded to for a passsable climb downwards. Shawna and Josey foud the going hard, but they rushed, tripping and bashing knees and shins along the way, as if running from the sky as it fell on them. Deep in the guts of the building, there was a pasage open to a long distance of darkness. The steam tunnel was lined with pipes and valves and the two fo them shuffled in to the darkness 
	Stea shot across the tunnle, and Josey Davis Coelho tookt Josey Davis Coelho scepter from under his coat and handed it to Shawna Jane Esterline. 	
:	"Go," Josey Davis Coelho said as Josey Davis Coelho pulled his jacket oer his head and stepped into the steam.
	"Josey!" Shawna Jane Esterline hesitated a moment when Shawna Jane Esterline reialized what Josey Davis Coelho was doing, but Shawna Jane Esterline got a move on and jumped past the steam as Josey Davis Coelho blocked it , crating a way for her to pass. Josey Davis Coelho gritted his teeth and as Shawna Jane Esterline walked into the darkness, Shawna Jane Esterline heard his determination crumble into the night. The steam reneweed unabashed. And Shawna Jane Esterline ran. 

>Josey Davis Coelho and Shawna Jane Esterline go back in to the City and see what was changed
>They emerge in to a steam tunnel, and Josey Davis Coelho dies in the steam, sacrificing him self to save Shawna Jane Esterline. 
>Shawna Jane Esterline walks out of the tunnel in to 2009
 

Chapter ??: BRICKS FROM THE TOWER

	Drowsily, Shawna Jane Esterline walked the cobbled roads, reading a paper and laughing at strange items of news. There was a stranger who caught her eye on the stoop of a little brick house, and Shawna Jane Esterline almost tripped on the coble road. Josey Davis Coelho was a man of maybe seventy years, a moustache curled and a pointy goatee, soething she'd only seen in old photographs that seemed more live than Shawna Jane Esterline could bear, but here was this old timer looking even older than his times would indicate. 
	"Hi," said Shawnan Jane Eserline as Shawna Jane Esterline passed.
	"Hello dear," said the goateed man in a weathethe tall man, Red German accent. 
	"Do I kow you," asked Shawna Jane Esterline.
	"I don't know. I know a lot of people, so perhapse we do know each other." said the an wht the goatee.
	"Were you in the parade last week? I think I saw you twirling a baton," said Shawna Jane Esteline
	"Ha, yes. You saw me then?" said hte man with the goatee.
	"Are you a professional athlete?" asked Shawna Jane Esterline
	"Ah, no. Actually, I am a bricklayer, " said Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee. 
	"Really, di dyou lay any of these bricks," ased shawna jane esterline, waving her hand over a patch in the brick sidewalk.
	"I liad a great many of hte bricks o fthis neighborhood," said Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee.
	
[THINGS HAPPEN]
	
	"Let me show you something, said Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee.
	he walked her down a little hall way in the back of his shop, and siad, "this is where I ilive. It is also where I get my bricks friom," said th eman witht Josey Davis Coelho goatee, opeing acreaky short dooor, made for people of very small stature indeed.
	Thier footsteps echoed in the brick corridor lined wih pipes. It made her think of the escape Shawna Jane Esterline made from Josey Davis Coelho ity of Phinneus van Weyerincx, the heir to the Dutch dcrown.
	"I get the bricks from this spot, the remins of a once great tower." siad Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee. 
	"What happened to the tower. " asked shanwa jane esterline.
	"I helped to pull it down myself and now I use the bricks to patch the streets and build additions to old housesl. , anseed Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee."
	"You moved well in the parade, said Shawna Jane Esterline. S
	"I have been in every fourth of july poarade in this city since 1855," said the strang old man with te goatee. "I tke pride in my continuity, but let e show you what I was meaning to show you, " said the strange old man wth the goatee.
	They stepped into a small chamber, irregular in dimensions, it sbricsk falling over in piles and the cieling open to soehting Shana Jane eserline couldn''t reognize at first. Shawna Jane Esterline reached up and touched it, and it recoiled at her finger tips, but Shawna Jane Esterline reached and stoked it, this greenigh sky that capped the room. 
	"What is it?" asked Shawna Jane Esterline.
	"It is the sky of Utopia," said the strange old man with the goatee. "It is the sky of Utiopia, and it has fallen here, only to be stopped byt Josey Davis Coelho last of the bricks that held the sky up in the Tower in the City of Utopia. I can stay here and I will not age. I can continue mining the briks from Josey Davis Coelho wlls of thi rooom and that is what I have been doing since I entered the city as a young, ideal revolutionist. This neibhbor hood is built on the foundatoin of utopia." 	
	the strange old man with the goatee held up a finger, and turned around to seek something amid the paperasss and plans and bricks, then Josey Davis Coelho turned aournd and presented Shawna Jane Esterlien eiwth the scepter of Phinneus van Weyerincx, the Uraian, the king of the Netherlands and the leader, builder of Utopia, th city out of tie, made by greief. Josey Davis Coelho tried to blow out the candle in fornt of him, but his old loungs wer tired and Josey Davis Coelho could not. 

Chapter ??: CLAY

	The man with the goatee ha run out of bricks from the tower of utopia and started digging in the soil around the foundation some six months prior to her arriveal, and had found a rich seam of clay streaked with coal and mud. 
	The clay came out in lumps of dirty charcoal black and brown. Shawna Jane Esterline had had difficulty finding work, since her social security card carried a birthday that was almost twenty years earlier than she could be at her present age. SHe didn't think it was wise to use it, so when she came to be out of money after a year--that's all the longer the money from the moon shine run had lasted her--she went back to the place where the man with the goatee made hs bricks. He was still there, and willing to give her a job. So, she went to work with the clay, at first making bricks along side the man with the goatee. 
	Later though, Shawna Jane Esterline sought to help expand the business. They made enough off the brics to supply a mildly mildewy little apartent for her, and the man with the goatee stayed in the little cave like alcove that was all that was left of the city on of utopia. There were a couple side tunnels left, including the one that Shawna Jane Esterline an Josey Davis Coelho had come down on their escape, but they all ended in burnt, fused, and ashy bricks. 
	The man with the goatee was constanlty complaining that the water dripping from the edges of the clay seam. So, in a burst of energy one day, Shawna Jane Esterline decided to get to the source, and started digging with er trowl along the edge of the alcove's roof, where the sky met the clay. 
	Soon, she had uncovered a little treacle of water and she gasped as it startd pouring out of the littl etrench she'd made with thte trowel. It got all over her, drippping clay sodden water in her face and hair, and as she brushed her wet hair out of her face, a strand got in her mouth. The lock of hair was sodden and slightly salty. To check that it was the water and not the sald from ther sweat, Shawna Jane Esterline gathered a sample in a little pot ade of copper and diped her toungue in fo ra taste. It was tear water. The reains of the lake of Phinn's Tears were seeping into the foundation and into ghe bricks of the tower. The bricsk that had been used for almost a century by the man with the goatee to pave the streets of the little neihorhood that had come to be known as german villatge. 
	Shawna Jane Esterline stepped back, aghast. The power of the water had been put to use for wha? For making bricks! 
	"Jesus!" Shawna Jae Esterline mutered to her self, not knowing what to do aobu thte find. 
	Shawna Jane Esterline sat down ath the potter's wheel to think. The ash of hte clay spread across the floor in a gray puddle, carried by the water from the Lake of Tears. These were the ashes that the burning sky in the collapsing city had made of the population and the buildings and everything that Phinneus an Weyerincx had worked for.
	Quickly, shShawna Jane Esterline crafted the figure of a simple person. No features, no eyes no fingers or toes. Just a person. She made sure to dig a little ash from the seam in the clay and made sure to only get te ashes from one thin seam. Shwanw Jane Esterline dabbed a little water on the figure, baptising it as it were, and let the green ware figure sit in the cabinet over night. It would not take long, she thought for such a small littele person to dry in the cainet. She could fire it tomorrow ad see if her suspicions were confirmed.
	That night, she went home and slept a dreamful sleep. She dreamed of the times that she spent with Josey Davis Coelho, and the music that she had listened to at the party back in nineteen seventy nine. She dreampt that she found the recores at a grage sale, some warped, but some listenable and she thought about what she had done today by making her surpise discovery. 
	She woke in a cold sweat, not knowing why and the dream faded as quickly as the sweat dried, leaving her skin sticky ad her mind stickier. It was earlier in the morning htan even te an with the goatee would have her awake, but she walked to the pottery in the darkness of the morning that fall day. The wind was blowing a oul smell form the sewers in the city ad she covered her face with her scarf. 
	The shop was quiet, only th sound of the dripping water, the ever dripping water did anything to liven uop the space that was filled with pots te pots that she had mad eto supplement their business, the bricks trhat the an with the goatee made at a huge rate from the clay dug out form the foundation of the old tower. 
	The greenware was mostly dry, and she hoped not too wet to cause cracking in the figuring. She was eager to tst her hypothesis and she sat the figurin on a littl estick and stuck t in through the glory hole on the large kiln. The brick run for th eevening was almost done  and the furnace would be shut to ool off by the end of the day. 
	That day, she started to make other figurines, each one with the ash from one thin ash seam in the clay, each one annointed with the water from the lake of tears. The man dwith the goatee continued his work on the bricks, digging it form th efoundation with this ahands, slowly increasing the size o the vestubule that was all that was left ro the city on the edge of nowhere, the city of Utopia. 
	The day wen tby slowly, an dthe endless hours she spent making figurines were looked on with skepticism by the mand with the goatee. Still, she had done wonders with the business by makeing her pots and other wares, so the man with the goatee let Shawna Jane Esterline alone to do her thing. By the time the furnace was cool enough that th ekiln could be opened, she had made dozens and dozens of little, featureless figurines. She was ready finally, to look at the result of her work, and opened the kiln only to be dismayed that the figureine she had made the preious day had cracked, a casing of ceramic crumbiling ffom its surface. She pulled it out, with a frouwn, and prushed the crumbly crust off the fguringe. It was deeply cracked and distorted and the legs fell off when she picked it up, there was a deep cleft going through the torso, bu when she brushed the last of the exeess of its face, she saw something that shocked her. The little ound head bore the tiny, but discernable features of the man she ahd known as Gary Morganthal Sopal. The twice dead boy who had killed her brother lay rumbled i her hands and she threw it t down in the dirt. 
	A wave of dusgust swept her and it was folloesd by a wave of relief. The experiment had worked. Moreover, she had put an end once and for all to the killer. SHe left the figuringes to dry in the cabinet and again, she took the evening to sleep and then the dreams started, thesew ones better, but tinged with a bit of sorrow. For though she was living among the people that she had created, or rather ressurected from the sah in the clay, Shawna Jae Esterline knew that some were missing. 
	She went back in and asked the man with the goatee if she could have a day off. The figurines were ging to need to dry over anogher night if they weren'tr going to suffer the fate of the little man, Gary. 
	She waked down the road, to the park named after the german poet, Schiller. It was a green, tree filled area with a pond and a hill and a theater where people peformed shakespear in the evening s on saturday in the summer. She sat on the hill, and looked down at a baseball diamond net to a brick building and felt a stab of fear. The bricks were probably made by or at least removed from the foundation of the tower by the man with the goatee himself. She wondered what had become of the ashes that had gone into makeing htose briks. All htose brics that filled the streets of the vllage. She climbed down rom the hill and walked through a brick gate at the front of th epark. There was a section of the gate that had been repaired recently, and she saw the telltale signes of ash in the bricks, so she plucked one of th bricks form the edge where the mortar was nt making contact well wit the older brick structure and some of the bricks had come loose. 
	SHe took the brick back to the shop with her the next morning and annointed it it h th ewater from the lake of thears and put it, along with the little figurines in to the kiln. After they had been fired, shawna jane sesterline returned from a day making more bricks for th eman with the goatee, and found that the figurines had all covered with a flaky coccoon of exess clay and slip and the brick had cracked all thorugh so that it crumbled when she pulled i tou t o fthe kiln. But in the crumbled ceramic, she found the figure of a small man, obdy she recognized, but with discernable features that she showed to the man with the goatee. 
	"Well, that is marvelous, said the man wit the goatee, "did you ome aross Albert when you were in the Cituy of Utiopeia. I ddin't know you had spent much time there." He was impressed and put th efigurine in the window sill, an dwhen she brushed the crumles of the outside of the other figurines, she found that they too had discernable features, some looking familiar to he r an dothers looking familiar to hte man with the goatee, who could identify most of the mby name. 
	She continued makeing th figurines for the next several weeks, hoping one day to find a face that looke dlike Josey Davis Coelho. She made little buildings out of the clay too, and set up a diorama that soon filled the little shop. The little city mirrored the one she remebered from the City of utopia, its buildings including brewereies and bars and a great tower, rendered in great detail. 
	SHe made farm animals and fields o all sorts as well as buildings, and she made cars from differnt time periods and great troves of treasure that were inspired by the pictures she had seen in museum catalogs from the royal jewels of europe. And one day, she made a figurine that looked just like the long dead Marty Spoime. Hurriedly, she went to th e seam where she had fiound those ashes, and pulled some ash out of neibhborying seams, carefully making little figurienes form all th eashes near where she had found htose of marty spome. After they had all been fired, she brushed them al off an ddid not find one that resembled the features of the beautiful Josey Davis Coelho. So, she went out and with a pick, she pulled bricks from the foundations of houses and the corners of streets and sidewaldks and all manner of strucktures that the man witht he goatee had repaired that year, according to the logs that he'd kept. Eah brick she found, she annoingetd with the water of the lake of tears, and soon the police were knocking on the door to arrest her for destroying the work brick work of the historic village. 
	But just as they knocked, she pulled the still hot bricks out of the kiln, burning her hands as she brushed the exess clay off them, and there he was... the fgigure of josey davis coelho was in the brick and in her hands and it burned into the flesh, painfully and joyously. The man with the goatee was talking to the police, saying that he didn't know where she was, but he was no good a liar and the suspicous police produced a warrant to search the premises. As they walke din, Shawna Jane Esterline was climbing into the furnace.
	"Make a figurie of me," she said to the man with the goatee, "and annoing it witht he salty water from the dripping cieling in the alcove," she said as she felt her flesh being flayed form her body and death overtook her, only she knew otherwise. 


>Shawna Jane Esterline finds out that the tower is on the ashes of the market and they are firing the ashes with the clay
>Shanwa Jane Esterline works at the brick shop, so she can live forever (maybe the anarchist is with her???)
>Shawna Jane Esterline notices the leak the anarchist keeps complaining about is salt water
>Shawna Jane Esterline brings the boy back to life with water leakig in from the cieling in the brick shop
>Shawna Jane Esterline makes clay models for the girl and the boy

Epilogue: THE SNOW IN THE CITY

THE END


= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 
POSSIBLE ENDINGS
>Maybe Shawna Jane Esterline and Josey Davis Coelho leave the portal and switch eras at the end of the book? 
 
>The breach in time makes a breach in reality... everything is threatening to fall apart... ??? 


WRitTEN CHAPTERS
Josey Davis Coelho... is led byu Josey Davis Coelho with the goatee out of the anarchist encampment and throught te city. They're going to the queer quarter.
>Josey Davis Coelho sees Victoria Marie Buckley. How did Shawna Jane Esterline get there? Where were they? Shawna Jane Esterline did not know either (actually, Shawna Jane Esterline was with the persuers) They are in a bar of soe sort, and the alcohol is flowing freely
>We find out who the fancy boy was. 
>We find out about Victoria Marie Buckley was marriage. 
>the Great Big Mean Dirty Siberian Huskey takes a lead roll. 
>Phinn van Weyerincx the Uranian was poem: A Devotion to the Way Things Burn 

Shawna Jane Esterline...  
>A boulevard of Willow trees.
>She finds four misstruck coins on the street and picks them up... the buffalo with five legs
>Gary Morgenthal Sopal betrays Shawna Jane Esterline 
>What happens when Mila meets up with Phinn van Weyerincx? 
>Phinn van Weyerincx the Uranian tells his story becasuse someone asks what Josey Davis Coelho has to do with Milenna. Fat Jack accuses him of being a pederast???
>They go home and screw...
> His mom was a daughter of slaves and his dad was a son of royalty. 
>Gold Circle and Eastland Mall and the Forum... keypunch wreaths... mirrored walls... purple shag carpet... foil wallpaper... fake fireplaces... 
>Because of the "detour" through the portal, Josey Davis Coelho was late and loses money on the trip... the thing takes all the money Josey Davis Coelho gets from his boss, plus Josey Davis Coelho has to take money away from the ice bill to pay off the bets 
>The smoke-filled valley around New Straitsville 
>Josey Davis Coelho has breakfast with the judge and talks business 
>The chase through the valley of fire in new straitsville

Chapter ??: ???

	


IDEAS

gibbeting... phinneus or red witnessed a person's body (or a quarter of it) who was gibbeted in england in the early 1800s... in england, if you were sentenced to be hanged, drawn, and quartered, you'd get non-fatally hanged, and then disembowelled, and the genatalia were burnt before a person's eyes, and their heart was removed and shown to them ... "For example, the record of the trial of Thomas Wallcot, John Rouse, William Hone and William Blake for offences against the king, on 12th July, 1683 concludes as follows: "Then Sentence was passed, as followeth, viz. That they should return to the place from whence they came, from thence be drawn to the Common place of Execution upon Hurdles, and there to be Hanged by the Necks, then cut down alive, their Privy-Members cut off, and Bowels taken out to be burnt before their Faces, their Heads to be severed from their Bodies, and their Bodies divided into four parts, to be disposed of as the King should think fit.""

>the tall man, Red Gunderson is sentenced to be hanged, drawn and quartered in Utopia for treason against the city of utopia by phinn the uranian... "all is silent except the incessant beat of my heart."

>In prison, they meet him and Josey Davis Coelho tells how Josey Davis Coelho will be killed, since Josey Davis Coelho saw a quarter of a body as a child on a trip to england, where a treasoner was gibbetted. 

>the blizzard of seventy eight



The End.




LOOSE ENDS:

>what about the money that he owes fat jack? they go to new straitsville to pay it off
>what about the guy with the gray fedora?



<<<END OF STORY / BEGINING OF NEXT>>>

TITLE: Three:In the Morning
(c) 2024 by Nathan McKnight
Author's forward: This was written by special request from a redditer in a group, uh, for this sort of thing. 

"Priya," the familiar gentle voice roused her from sleep. She wasn't quite awake and memories of the party the night before still lingered in her head. She had noticed being noticed by at least one or two of Vikram's friends and it made her feel... not quite herself. In a good way. "Priya," his voice came again, and he didn't quite sound like himself either. A little deeper maybe, a little stronger than usual. She rolled and brushed her hair out of her eyes. His face seemed a little different too. In a good way. "Are you awake?"

"Mmmm, not quite," she said, "but talk to me. I like your voice." 

He smiled at that but then went back to the curious, almost stern, manner. "Remember you asked me something last night?"

"Mmmm-hmm." She didn't remember but felt agreeable nonetheless. 

"Well, I asked Dylan and he said okay." 

The words didn't exactly register, but the name did. Dylan was one of the ones who noticed her. She smiled and mumbled, "Dylan, mm-hmm."

"He's here."

"Mmm-hmm." She rolled over, eyes barely open. "Mmm-kay," she said sleepily.

She felt Vikram sit on the bed, and she put an arm over his lap, and in the process managed to pull her t-shirt down a bit, so that the cool air touched the edge of her nipples. It felt nice. So did Vikram's muscular legs. 

She felt his hand gently stroke her breast, tugging the shirt down even more and she smiled. He smelled different. Good, but different. 

"Is it okay?" this time, the voice wasn't Vikram, and she was slightly startled when she put her hand on his, and it wasn't Vikram's hand either. 

Priya looked up to see Dylan's face. Her skin prickled with nervous bumps that made the touch of his slightly chilly fingertips tingle through her chest and all the way down to her belly, even though he hadn't even touched her there. Yet. "Is it... okay?" she echoed sheepishly. 

"I'm here, said Vikram." 

"Come here," she mumbled, and he lay down next to her, so warm and comfortable, carefully lifting the sheet and sliding into bed next to her. He was fully clothed, which somehow made her feel even more exposed in nothing but a t-shirt and thin cotton panties. 

"You remember what you asked me? About Dylan?"

She didn't. But she didn't want to talk right now either. She felt like hiding but she also didn't want whatever was happening to stop. 

Vikram reached a hand to the valley of her hips, and she involuntarily thrust them ever so slightly upwards, as if reaching towards the stranger, offering herself to them both. 

Dylan took that as an invitation, and it was, even if her body had made it without Priya even realizing. He pulled the sheet up over her pelvis and she recoiled, curling up her legs against the cool air. Dylan's hand pushed aside her knee, denying her even that small attempt to hide. He leaned down and suckled her nipple, leaving the edge of the t-shirt slightly wetter, and slightly colder. 

Her heart was beating fast but she didn't want to let go of the sleepy haze and she kept her eyes almost closed. She felt so tiny, snuggled between the two men as they felt her legs, kissed her neck, caressed her face and ears gently. Their grip gradually increasing as hands rubbed and grabbed her from breasts to ribcage, running through her thick hair with the slightest of tugs. 

Dylan sat up and began to unbutton his shirt, and to Priya's surprise, she found herself saying "Not yet." He froze for a second, resting his hand right next to her inner thigh in a way that seemed comforting in its stillness, but so nerve-wrackingly tantalizing in its position. She didn't want any of this to stop, but she opened her eyes and made contact with his for just long enough to squeak "Me first," while she chewed on her lower lip with unselfconscious lust. 

Vikram slid his arm under her shirt, and all the way out the collar, pulling it off over her head before getting it tangled on her arms. She tried for a moment to free the shirt by sliding both arms under her back. But the move made the tangle tigthen. And it felt good. Vikram tried again to assist, but Priya shook her head the slightest bit, tensely, more of a shiver than anything. "It's okay," she said.

She felt so naked and she wanted to feel even more naked. Her legs were spread wide now, one man's hand delicately pressing against her labia through cotton, another's half-tangled with hers, gripping the shirt like reigns. She pushed her pelvis forwards and backwards, rubbing against Dylan's knuckles and he responded with massaging motions. She wanted him to take off her underwear so bad. She almost mumbled something but she didn't have words for what she wanted.

Vikram's lips tickled her ear, and he whispered, "Do you like this?"

She managed a nod, shaking like a leaf. 

"What do you want to do?"

Her teeth were chattering now, but she wasn't cold. "Anything, everything, whatever you want," she said in a barely audible whisper.

Dylan leaned over her, his body pressing against her chest, his pelvis grinding her vulva. "What do you want right now?" he asked

It was barely a whimper, but when he put his ear to her lips, she said "I wanna be naked." I want to be afraid. She didn't say it, but she thought it very clearly.

Dylan slid his thumbs up under Priya's undies, lifted them away from her, pausing long enough for her to feel his breath waft down between her legs before slowly sliding them down her legs. She had to lift her pelvis towards his face while he did it, and she didn't completely lower it after he'd pulled them completely off and tossed them on the floor. 

"The shirt?" asked Vikram.

Her arms were still behind her back, making her arch her breasts up, half blocking Dylan's face from her view. "You can hold it like that," she said, "If you want."

Vikram tightened his grip on her shirt, pinning her arms to the bed while each breath she took almost made her body writhe. Here she was, unbelievably bare and not only not trying to hide, but not trying to conceal her lust. Legs spread and hips up, practically begging these two strong men to do... everything. She felt completely stripped... of the sheet, of the shirt, of any pretense at dignity. She felt helpless, letting them look at every part of her body, like *this*, letting them see how badly she wanted this. She didn't want to ask, but she wanted her boyfriend, and her boyfriend's friend, to see just how willing a toy she was. 

It was silent. They were still wearing jeans and dress shirts but she was naked, restrained, and not at all ready for whatever was that was coming next. She licked her lips and it sounded dirty. 

"Oh my god," said Vikram under his breath. And Dylan breathed forcefully. Priya sucked in a breath and began to settle into the slow-motion writhe she'd been subconsciously riding, looking directly into Vikram's eyes, letting them roll back before looking into Dylan's and sort stretching her neck, sort of nodding as if to agree. With what, she didn't know and didn't care. But her body language was crystal clear. It wanted more, and whatever part of her mind might have questioned what her body was communicating to those two men... she had left far behind. 

Finally, someone moved. Vikram's abrupt rise to his knees nearly broke the tension, but now with one hand still pinning her down, he unzipped his jeans with the other, unbuttoned his fly and let is cock push his boxers forward, right next to Priya's face. She licked. Her lips. And it sounded as just dirty as she felt. She had never made such a craven gesture, not with Vikram, not even with the college one-night stand with the punk bassist she still fantasized about. Certainly not in front of another man. But she did it again, leaving her lips sloppy wet and leaning her head back so her mouth was as wide as a yawn. She watched as Vikram pulled his dick out, glancing at Dylan long enough to let him know that she was craving to be watched, long enough that by the time Vikram slid the velvety wrinkles of his dick back and forth over her lips, Dylan could see she wanted more than to be watched. 

Inhaling the familiar mild musk of her boyfriend's penis while a near stranger stared and unbuckled his own belt made her feel like such a slutty volunteer ragdoll that it was even hotter what a desperate sloppy mess she was making trying to keep his dick in her mouth at the awkward angle he was holding her down. Priya couldn't see Dylan now, but she hoped her clumsy, eager lapping and sucking and eagerly opening wide for Vikram to put it back in every time it slipped out of her mouth made her look so hungry for cock that he wouldn't hesitate to add his to the fray. She had dreamt of giving in to the touch and smell and groans of two men and their hard cocks for so long. But this was so much... dirtier than she'd imagined. Finally, with spit flinging between breaths, she said, "Dylan... c'mere."

Only, he didn't come over to get sucked. Instead, he rubbed what must have been his warm, hard dick on her thigh just above the knee for a moment, before spreading her legs and... oh, that's his head hair. Fine, and slightly curly, it tickled one of her inner thighs while he sucked and nibbled his way down the other. Oh, she liked that. But, oh wh... what came next was unbelievable. It only took a tiny tap of his tongue to make her labia part with almost a pop, unsealing her moisture that mixed with his saliva and oozed through every fold and crevice of her vulva, which he was taking his time to explore in detail. The whorish sheen of sweat she'd only just noticed on her skin gave way to something that felt all-encompassing, the sexual equivalent of kaleidoscopic soap-bubble swirls sparkling in slick wet sunlight that was all in her head... that was all between her legs. 

Vikram gave her a breather to just melt and enjoy a stranger's mouth on her pussy. He lightened up on the t-shirt and she pulled her arms out and crossed them over her face, filling her breath with the scent of sweat and spit and dick that seemed just too beautiful now to be dirty. When Dylan started sucking her clit in between his lips, gently at first, then with more suction combined with licking-flicking-sliding... fuckdamnjeezusfuck.... she was in another world. This should last forever.  

She was on the verge of cumming and he was keeping her right there. "Oh my god... ohmy.... ghodd." She didn't know if he was intentionally not letting her orgasm or was just unconcerned with anything but the feelings he was giving her in the moment, but it was maddening. Sepna parted her arms and said, "Vikram... I want to suck you while he's... oh... wh... wh'l he'd'd... dooing tthahht." 

She caught her breath and reached her arms out to Vikram, looking around just long enough to see that somehow, all three of them were naked now and the sunrise rays coming through the blinds between the painted their bodies--especially hers--with long stripes like some "artistic nudes calendar" she'd seen hanging in that bassist's grimy punk bedroom. "Damn," she said. "We're hot."

"We're nasty," replied Vikram. She wasn't sure if she'd ever communicated that exact sentiment to him, but he certainly nailed it. 

"Uh-huh. We are." She grinned, "Come here!" 

Vikram let her pull him towards her and align him so his dick, now slightly softened, was angled directly towards her throat. 

Dylan looked up, licked his lips, "Gotta say, this is pretty..."

"Fun?" ventured Vikram.

"...to say the least. More like ...marveous." 

Priya chuckled. "Ok, I'm fully awake now; I wasn't--and I'm glad I wasn't--but I am awake enough now to say something that's been bugging me." They looked concerned, but she smiled and said, "I have no idea what I asked you last night, hon, but bravo on picking it up and running with it. No need to explain, just. I guess you know me better than I know myself."

Vikram gestured a little bow, and leaned in for a quick, wet kiss. 

"Let's not waste this gorgeous morning with small talk," said Priya. "I'm just going to say, Dylan... you don't even know the meaning of the word 'marvelous' until someone's doing to you whatever magic you're doing down there. And also, very... veryvery nice to officially meet you. Anyway, my two lovely boys, should we go back to what we were doing?"

Dylan laughed,then a smarmy look crossed his face, and he just said "Nope." 

Priya and Vikram looked at each other, one from above, one from below, across the slightly furry shadows of his abs. Not to mention her favorite penis dangling over her forhead. 

"No, let's not. Now that you're feeling talkative, I have a question for you. I might not know you better than you know yourself... although I have a few ideas about what makes you tick at this point. But, I want you to answer the question I asked before. What is it that you want to do? I mean, what are you looking for out of this? And why? What are you enjoying the most so far? What should we do more of? I want you to say it, confess the dirty truth, no matter how embarassing or how shy you pretend to be. Tell us. Out loud, and in detail. Well, not too much detail. You're right, we should definitely get back to ...all of ...this. Actually, don't answer yet. I want you to think about that while you're sucking your boyfriend's schlong and I'm doing my maistro of a job eating you out. Ok, I'm going to shut up now." 

He dove back in without missing a beat, leaving Vikram laughing and Priya cutting off her laugh, "Hah... Oh...whh...oh... gh... oh yes, keep doing that." 

Then Dylan lifted his face out of her crotch again to say, "Oh, and nice to meet you too."

Between sighs and shudders, she said "I'll give you an answer after I think about it." Oh... that's good, she thought, and the thought of having to come up with an answer for what made her want a threesome--what made her feel like she needed to be used by two guys--that gave it an extra little tingle. "But only if you can me cum."

"Brat," said Dylan. But he spat on his palm and shook her foot, saying "Deal."

She added, "Don't worry, I think you can make me..." and then he did.

And it seems like a lot, but it all happened so quickly: He sucked and licked and brought her close to climax so that she couldn't help but want to lose herself in that feeling again. She slid her hands up Vikram's legs, squeezed his cute boy butt, and sucked his sticky, squishy cock into her mouth. Somehow, it seemed even dirtier now that she had to get it wet and hard again, and her mouth was a little dry but she played with it with her tongue and ran her fingers all around his balls thinking about how nasty she was and how much she was loving it. She knew Vikram's body better than he knew his own, and he was hard in no time. Her mouth was still kind of dry, but she did her best to suck his cock slowly deeper, pulling his body towards her face, forcing his--schlong, lol--to the back of her throat, pushing him back a little, then doing it once, twice more. And the third time gagged just a little, and on the fourth, the spit in the back of her throat and the pressure of her hands grappling his buttocks, let her slide his dick all the way down her throat. The sound was...not pretty. But it was very, veryvery dirty. And the mouth on her clit and the dick in her throat and Vikram's breathless "uhh" combined and if she thought she was close to cumming before, she was on a different level now. Dylan was sucking her clitoris so deep into his mouth that she imagined that must be what felt like to Vikram to have her suck his limp dick a moment ago. But it wasn't limp now, and neither was her clit. She let Vikram's dick slide all the way back out, loving the feel of her tongue, now very verywet, feel the veins and ripples and the soft ridge that made its gorgous head. His foreskin had helped her swallow his cock before, but now she wrapped her fingers around the base of his shaft behind the balls, and slowly pumped while licking and sucking the wrinkles on its underside. She knew every milimeter already, but now she was appreciating her man--and his body--all the more because it felt like she was doing to him what Dylan was doing to her. As she gave him what must be the best blowjob she's ever given, certainly her own new favorite--inspired by the best head she'd ever gotten herself. She alternated with hands and tongue and lips, squeeze, suck, stroke, pump, squeeze, suck, lick, stroke, pump, in something like the pattern Dylan was licking and sucking in her pussy. She made that dick so hard and--downright shapely--that she was almost as lost in the pleasure of pleasuring him and the sheer luck in having such a great guy, with such a great dick... and willing to indulge her darkest fantasies... that she didn't even realize when the cute white guy slobbering all over her junk actually brought her to the point of no return. It all just blended into one sloppy suckfest. And while she gently licked Vikram's dick, holding him on the very same edge she was herself just hovering over, Dylan deftly slid two fingers inside of her... up... curling... his petting of her pubic hair with the other hand, turning into pressure so glitterinly, staggeringly intense that she felt her voice rise so loud that she had to muffle it.

And so she did. Wave after wave of shuttering convulsions wracked her body and she still managed to pull Vikram forward and back enough times that he picked up on what she wanted and she put his gentle hands loosely around her neck to fuck her throat while she bucked in maddening ecstacy, feeling like she was being fucked all the way through from one end to the other. Hard to say how long it lasted, but it was like the last hours of slutty raging horniness was being squeezed out of her as her throat tightened around Vikram. She was getting lightheaded, but she could barely move and she could tell all the writhing was bringing Vikram close himself and she wanted him to have what she was having, so she let him fuck her throat harder and deeper as her own waves of orgasm subsided just as Vikram's jolted into action, pulsating and groaning and he let out a sound that might as well have been her own earthquake cries of intense pleasure screamed from her lungs all the way through his body. She was about to pass out and he stared at her, so concerned but so completely unable to stop until he was done shooting his load deeper into her throat than anyone ever had. Her eyes closed, and it felt good to just be still, not even breathing. 

He let go of her neck and pulled out in a panic, somehow trying to gently tap her cheeks like a newborn while still squeezing the life out of his cock. And he was not done yet. He shook her gently, audibly frightened but still shooting thick jizz right onto her chest, another big shot hit her chin and slid into her tilted-open mouth even as he turned her head to the side to keep her from choking on it, a third and fourth splashed her cheek and pooled near her clavicle. 

"Priya, Priya!" It was like she was drifting through sleep again, but this time his urgency woke her abruptly. She breathed, and coughed on cum, spitting it out, wishing he'd gotten to finish entirely down her throat. 

She was shaking like a leaf, but said "It's okay, I'm okay." 

He collapsed in relief. "Oh my god," he said, wringing his cock like a wet towel. She helped him, squeezing it so tight she thought it must hurt, though the look on his face said otherwise. 

She reached down and ran her fingers through Dylan's hair. He had a devilish grin that seemed to say 'You owe me one.'

"I owe you one." She said. "And I think Vikram might too." 

Then, the devilish grin did say: "Well, I hope you don't mind owing me two if Vikram doesn't want to pay up, so to speak?"

She was calm. "Mmm-mmmh. Not at all."
 

The End. 

<<<END OF STORY / BEGINING OF NEXT>>>

INDIANA JONES AND THE COLLAPSE OF THE PATRIARCHY
(c) 2024 by Nathan McKnight
An unpublished blog, written today...

One of the best ideas I've had, which I'll need some help writing... Hollywood has never really captured the magic of Indiana Jones, although it's tried, with Tomb Raider, National Treasure, and others. But it never quite nails the perfect blend of adventure, humor, erudition. Now, Indiana Jones is not without its flaws. Subtle and not-so-subtle racism and sexism--which, considering the source material (the Men's Adventure Fiction of the Golden Age of Pulp Fiction), maybe that's not so surprising. I don't know what it says about the filmmakers themselves, and how much is meant as homage to those older writings, but for modern audiences, that stuff is hard to swallow, at least without thoughtful introspection.  So... what I want to do is to is to try and recapture that feeling, but through a modern ethical lens. To do so, I want to do a screenplay treatment of the adventures of one of the people who are on the shortlist of likeliest major inspirations for the character of Indiana Jones. Andrews made a huge splash in the early 1900s, buoyed in large part by his own self-promotion. He was a brilliant writer and crazy adventurer, to be sure. But his wife, Yvette Borup Andrews made major contributions of his own. But, while he might have been somewhat more open-minded than his contemporaries, taking seriously the study of other cultures... he was still very much stuck in a colonialist mindset in many ways. This makes his writing, as compelling as it is, extremely frustrating at times, from a modern point of view. So, why not do the whole Indiana Jones theme, but while Roy Chapman Andrews is this un-self-aware white guy adventurer, the story is actually told from the point of view of some of the people around Andrews, including Yvette, but also some of the indigenous people who sometimes served as the butt of Andrews' humor... in particular, the "Stuttering Chinaman" described in his, in many ways brilliant, but still sometimes sickeningly insensitive "Camps and Trails of Old China", covering the first AMNH China expedition. So, here's a call to action... Who wants to help me? Who out there has the experience I don't have--as one of these white guy writers--who can help shape such a narrative? Now, I don't want to make this a simplistic "noble savage" story... the disempowered characters through whose eyes we'll be seeing should be just as complex and imperfect as anyone else. And, to inspire you, here's the table of contents of "Camps and Trails of Old China":

CONTENTS
CHAPTER I

The Object of the Expedition

PAGE

The importance of the scientific exploration of Central Asia—The region which the Asiatic Zoölogical Expedition investigated—Personnel of the Expedition—Equipment—Applicants for positions upon the Expedition

1-6

CHAPTER II

China in Turmoil

Yuan Shi-kai—Plot to become emperor of China—The Rebellion—Our arrival in Peking—Passports for Fukien Province—Admiral von Hintze, the German Minister—En route to Shanghai—Death of Yuan Shi-kai

7-14

CHAPTER III

Up the Min River

Y. B. A.

Arrival at Foochow—Foochow—We leave for Yen-ping—The Min River—Our first night in a sampan—Miss Mabel Hartford—Brigands at Yuchi—Yen-ping—Trapping at Yen-ping

15-25

CHAPTER IV

A Bat Cave in the Big Ravine

The Temple in the Big Ravine—Hunting serow—A bat apartment house

26-81

- xiv -

CHAPTER V

The Yen-ping Rebellion

A message from Mr. Caldwell—Refugees from Yen-ping—Situation in the city—Fighting on Monday morning—Wounded men at the hospital—We do Red Cross work—More fighting—A Chinese puzzle—The missionaries save the city—The narrow escape of a young Chinese—The mission cook—Return to Foochow

82-48

CHAPTER VI

Hunting the Great Invisible

Tiger lairs—Mr. Caldwell's method of hunting—His first tiger—Habits of tigers—Experiences with the Great Invisible—Killing a man-eater—Chinese superstitions—Hunting in the lair

44-58

CHAPTER VII

The Blue Tiger

Arriving at Lung-tao—The blue tiger—Mr. Caldwell's first view of the beast—The lair in the Long Ravine—Bad luck with the tiger—A meeting in the dark—Ling-suik monastery—Life at the temple—Fukien Province as a collecting ground

54-66

CHAPTER VIII

The Women of China

Y. B. A.

Schools for girls—Position of women—The Confucian rules—Woman's life in the home—Foot binding—Early marriage—A Chinese wedding

67-73

- xv -

CHAPTER IX

Voyaging to Yün-nan

Outfitting in Hongkong—Food—Guns—Cameras—En route to Tonking—The Island of Hainan—We engage a cook at Paik-hoi—Arrival in Haiphong—Loss of our Ammunition—Hanoi—The railroad to Yün-nan Fu—Yün-nan—The Chinese Foreign Office endorses our plans

74-83

CHAPTER X

On the Road to Ta-li Fu

Oar caravan—The Yün-nan pack saddle—Temple camps—Chinese mafus—Roads—Country—Ignorance of a Chinese scholar—New mammals—Village life—Opium growing—An opium scandal—Goitre—The Chinese "Mountain schooner"—Horses—Miss Morgan—Brigands—Our guard of soldiers

84-98

CHAPTER XI

Ta-li Fu

Hsia-kuan—Summer temperature—Lake—Graves—Pagodas—Mr. H. G. Evans—Foreigners of Ta-li Fu—Chinese mandarins—Mammals at Ta-li—Caravan horses and mules—The cook becomes ill

99-106

CHAPTER XII

Li-chiang, and the "Temple of the Flowers"

Traveling to Li-chiang—Our entrance into the city—The surprise of the foreigners—The temple—Excellent collecting—Small mammals—The Moso natives—Customs—The Snow Mountain—Baron Haendel-Mazzetti

107-113

- xvi -

CHAPTER XIII

Camping in the Clouds

Moso hunters—Primitive guns—Crossbows and poisoned arrows—Dogs—porcupine—New mammals—We find a new camp on the mountain

114-119

CHAPTER XIV

The First Goral

Killed near camp—A sacrifice to the God of the Hunt—Small mammals—The second goral

120-125

CHAPTER XV

More Gorals

Gorals almost invisible—Heller shoots a kid—Collecting material for a Museum group—A splendid hunt—Two gorals—A crested muntjac

126-188

CHAPTER XVI

The Snow Mountain Temple

The first illness in camp—Serow—Death of the leading dog—Rain—Two more serows—Lolos—Non-Chinese tribes of Yün-nan

184-189

CHAPTER XVII

Gorals and Serows

Relationship—Appearance of the serow—Habits—Gorals

140-148

- xvii -

CHAPTER XVIII

The "White Water"

Y. B. A.

Our new camp—serow—We go to Li-chiang—A burial ceremony—Ancestor worship

140-156

CHAPTER XIX

Across the Yangtze Gorge

Traveling to the river—Inaccuracy of the Chinese—First view of the gorge—The Taku ferry—Cares

157-163

CHAPTER XX

Through Unmapped Country

Along the rim of the gorge—A beautiful camp at Habala—New mammals—Photographic work—Phete village—Stupid inhabitants—Strange natives—The "Windy Camp"—Hotenfa

164-171

CHAPTER XXI

Traveling Toward Tibet

A hard climb—Our highest camp—A Lolo village—Thanksgiving with the Lolos

172-177

CHAPTER XXII

Stalking Tibetans with a Camera

Y. B. A.

Caravans—Tibetans—Dress—Appearance—Photographing frightened natives—Reason for suspicion

178-181

- xviii -

CHAPTER XXIII

Westward to the Mekong River

Snow—Photographing natives—The Snow Mountain again—The Shih-ku ferry—Cranes—"Brahminy ducks"—A well-deserved beating—Chinese soldiers

182-189

CHAPTER XXIV

Down the Mekong Valley

Arrival at Wei-hsi—The Mekong River—Lutzu natives—Difficulties in the valley—An unexpected goral—Christmas—The salt wells—A snow covered pass—Duck shooting—Return to Ta-li Fu

190-201

CHAPTER XXV

Missionaries We Have Known

Our observations on work of missionaries in Fukien and Yün-nan Provinces—Mode of living—Servants—Voluntary exile—Medical missionaries—A missionary's experience with the brigands at Yuchi

202-211

CHAPTER XXVI

Chinese New Year at Yung-chang

Y. B. A.

Traveling to Yung-chang—New Year's customs—Inhabitants of the city—Foot-binding—Caves—Water buffaloes—Chinese cow-caravans—Yung-chang mentioned by Marco Polo

212-222

- xix -

CHAPTER XXVII

Traveling Toward the Tropics

Shih-tien plain—Curious inhabitants of the city—A tropical valley at Ma-po-lo—"A little more far"—A splendid camp—Many new mammals—Preparing specimens Sambur—Trapping

223-232

CHAPTER XXVIII

Meng-ting: a Village of Many Tongues

The first Shan Village—Priscilla and John Alden—Meng-ting—The Shan mandarin—Young priests—The market—Photographing under difficulties—Suppression of opium growing

233-343

CHAPTER XXIX

Camping on the Nam-ting River

A beautiful camp—The "Dying Rabbit"—Sambur hunting—Jungle fowl—Civets—Pole cats and other animals

244-251

CHAPTER XXX

Monkey Hunting

Strange calls in the jangle—Our first gibbons—Relationship and habits—Langurs and baboons—A night in the jungle

252-259

CHAPTER XXXI

The Shans of the Burma Border

An unfriendly chief—Honest natives—Houses at Nam-ka—Tattooing—Shan tribe—Dress

260-263

- xx -

CHAPTER XXXII

Prisoners of War in Burma

Y. B. A.

The mythical Ma-li-ling—Across the frontier into Burma—The mafus rebel—Ma-li-pa—Captain Clive—Guarding the border—Life at Ma-li-pa

264-272

CHAPTER XXXIII

Hunting Peacocks on the Salween River

The Valley at Changlung—The ferry—Peacocks—The stalker stalked—Habits of peafowls

273-280

CHAPTER XXXIV

The Gibbons of Ho-mu-shu

Climbing out of the Salween Valley—A Shan Village—Ho-mu-shu—Camping on a mountain pass—Gibbons—An exciting hunt and a narrow escape—Habits of the "hoolock"

281-290

CHAPTER XXXV

Teng-yueh: a Link with Civilization

Tai-ping-pu—Flying squirrels—Lisos—A bat cave—Mail—Teng-yueh—Mr. Ralph Grierson—Tibetan bear cubs

291-297

CHAPTER XXXVI

A Big Game Paradise

Gorals at Hui-yao—Deer—Splendid hunts

298-304

- xxi -

CHAPTER XXXVII

Serow and Sambur

Monkeys at Hai-yao—Muntjacs—A new serow—We move camp to Wa-tien—A fine sambur

305-314

CHAPTER XXXVIII

Last Days in China

Return to Teng-yueh—Packing the specimens—Results of the Expedition—On the road to Bhamo—The chair coolies—Burma vs. China—In civilisation again—Farewell to the Orient

315-322

- xxiii -

LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS
FACING
PAGE
Our camp on the Snow Mountain at an altitude of 12,000 feet	
Frontispiece	
 
Yvette Borup Andrews with a pet Yün-nan squirrel	4
Edmund Heller	4
Roy Chapman Andrews and a goral	4
 
A Chinese hunter and a muntjac	28
Brigands killed in the Yen-ping Rebellion	28
 
The Ling-suik monastery	62
A priest of Ling-suik	62
 
A Chinese mother with her children	70
Chinese women of the coolie class with bound feet	70
 
Cormorant fishers on the lake at Yün-nan Fu	84
Our camp at Chou Chou on the way to Ta-li Fu	84
 
The Pagodas at Ta-li Fu	96
The dead of China	96
 
The residence of Rev. William J. Hanna at Ta-li Fu	102
The gate and main street of Ta-li Fu	102
 
One of the pagodas at Ta-li Fu	108
 
A Moso herder	112
A Moso woman	112
 
The Snow Mountain	116
 
A cheek gun used by one of our hunters	118
The first goral killed on the Snow Mountain	118
 
Hotenfa, one of oar Moso hunters, bringing in a goral- xxiv -	120
Another Moso hunter with a porcupine	120
 
A typical goral cliff on the Snow Mountain	132
 
A serow killed on the Snow Mountain	140
The head of a serow	140
 
The "white water"	152
 
A Liso hunter carrying a flying squirrel	162
The chief of our Lolo hunters	162
 
A Lolo village	174
Lolos seeing their photographs for the first time	174
 
Travelers in the Mekong valley	180
Two Tibetans	180
 
The gorge of the Yangtze River	184
 
A quiet curve of the Mekong River	190
 
The temple in which we camped at Ta-li Fu	200
A crested muntjac	200
 
The south gate at Yung-chang	210
A Chinese bride returning to her mother's home at New Year's	210
 
A Chinese patriarch	224
Young China	224
 
A Shan village	234
A Shan woman spinning	234
 
A Kachin woman in the market at Meng-ting	240
One of our Shan hunters with two yellow gibbons	240
 
Our camp on the Nam-ting River	246
The Shan village at Nam-ka	246
 
The head of a gibbon killed on the Nam-ting River	254
A civet	254
 
A Shan girl- xxv -	260
A Shan boy	260
 
A suspension bridge	288
Mrs. Andrews feeding one of our bear cubs	288
 
A sambur killed at Wa-tien	302
The head of a muntjac	302
 
A mountain chair	312
The waterfall at Teng-yueh	312
 
Map I. The red line indicates the travels of the Expedition	318
 
Map II. Route of the Expedition in Yün-nan	320
- 1 -
<<<END OF STORY / START OF NEW STORY>>>
THR COTTAGE BONES

Ethnomathematicians only learned to read the old doilies recently, but something of the Cottage Culture was known for a while, among some of us. And, for a long while indeed among descendants and neighbors of the notoroiusly secretive Cottage documenation practitioners themselves. 

I searched the internet when I first heard little details that hinted at something deeper in the hollers and dales of my own old back woods stomping grounds, but got nothing. Figures, of course. It was only when I started putting together half-remembered bits of overheard conversations and whispers that I started seeing the bigger picture. So much more sense it made now. I used to think Ol Gram had just been a bit of a knitting snob when she would wave off all those patterns the other ladies shared around. For Christmas one year, I bought her a pattern pack from the Green Store. That had turned out to be a mistake. But also a lesson about how seriously she took her doilies and tablecloths and little doll dresses. Still, I had no idea how deep it all went. Not back then, anyway. Ma just said there's right ways and wrong ways to do things, and that's probably all she understood of it. Not everybody was deemed kenworthy, and being that Ma never could keep a secret, it was clear she didn't number among the 'practicioners' as we'd dubbed the wizened old ladies from the way deep hollers. And of course, more to the point, Ma'd never even been able to grasp the concept of macrame. At least if my boyhood bedroom filled with half-finished draparies and monstrously misshapen plant pot holders was any evidence. 

What I had not realized back then, when I tried to press Ma about all Gram's secrets was that she--my own ma--was on the outs. Of course. Shoulda known. 

And now I knew the secret that Ma had never been in on. Or, part of it anyways. The Inca had their Qipus, the Akkadians their cuneiform tablets. And Ol Gram, she had her doilies. She and all her grams and great-to-the Nth grams before her. All those generations of knowledge knotted up in innocent-looking yellowed loops of thread might just be as ancient as any archaeologists' dig site. 

The Rosetta Stone of the Cottage language was somewhere laid out before me now, I was convinced. On the mildewy four-poster I used to sleep on when visiting Paps' and Ol Gram's as a kid. I'd spread them, across the pillows and down the tucked quilts, across the disused countertop and sink, and down onto the permanently unfolded fold-up that I'd slept on after the funeral. Here were all the collected 'right-made' knitwork literature I'd retained in my own collection because the mathematicians hadn't figured out how to read them. The simple tos-and-froms were all they knew. The straightforward record-keeping tied up in knotted patterns was easy enough to digest if you had them sitting next to a regular ledger. Well, that plus an eye for knotwork and at least a layman's grasp of vigesimal rithmatic anyways. 

Out of this pile of voluptuous knitwork I'd assembled from all over bluegrass country, the one that drew my attention was a mere a scrap, torn and burnt and splattered in mulberry-colored wax. It looked like a candle exploded and tried to burn the thing up all whole. Thank some ancient Older Gram for the idea of built-in redundancy. Otherwise, this scrap would be just that; a scrap. I ran my fingers over the frayed edges again, careful not to loose any of the barely-holding knots.The key was the ruffly edges, I thought. 

From a straight-up information theory perspective, that had to mean something... I mean, what kind of document tried to squeeze in all that extra information at the perimeter? Maybe the flat portion had been used to keep grain yeilds for generations, but when the family bought out the neighbor's plot, they had more to update, and more often. That was my current lead at unravelling the mystery of the Cottage language anyhows. Only, it couldn't have been as simple as that, or the math brains would've figured it out already. So, there was more here and I had to reckon deeper to get my head around it all. There was something I was missing. 

My first failed attempt at cracking the code, a few years ago, had involved comparing 'right-made' knitwork from different areas, looking for correlations between the patterns that showed small variations which might've indicated alternate 'spellings' of the same words. Seemed reasonable when I first stumbled into this secret world. From there, I'd figured maybe I'd've been able to deduce a dialectology of sorts, something reflecting the known differences in pronunciation across the hillbillies of the Blue Ridge Mountains. Well... 

No. That was barking real far up a real wrong tree. No longer do I imagine the Cottage language to be anything so simplistic as a phonetic system for rendering spoken language. At least, if it is, it ain't one that has any relationship to English whatsoever. Base-20 math should've been my tipoff to that. No, this was altogether thicker than that. It was a different way of representing thought than our alphabets and whatnots, maybe even a different way of thinking altoghether. 

There was a knock at the door, and a creak. 

"What kind of yankee bullhock is this!" I shouted into the sunroom. 

Doctor Creights jumped when he saw me, but I gave him a hug and snuggled his silly old Greek fisherman's cap just a little further onto his head. 

"I know you ain't from the holler by the way you enter a man's house without his invitation, old man."

"Well," he tried to recover a smile, "I mean... you said it was your grandmother's house after all." 

"Smart alec."

"_Doctor_ Smart Alec, young man." 

"Tain't my _gran-da-mother's_ house no longer. Well, come on in. Ye haveth me invitation right official forthwith, chappie."

"Oh piss off," he laughed, "unless'n yer wanna I mek funna yer here 'nucniation back at yer." 

"That is the _warst_ hillbillie I ever did hear. El-oh-el," I said. "Well, anyways, enough talk about language, doc. Let's talk language."

"What, no smalltalk? Not going to ask how my trip up here was?"

"Nawp. No time for all-a that. I wanna get down to bones and brass tacks. We've got our work cut out for us." I glanced at my watch, checked the sun again the hour and nodded. "We got all of three days if you're here for the long weekend. Two if ya ain't." 

"Well, it was a harrowing adventure I don't mind saying, there were these, these... billie goats I think, and..." 

"Yeh. Mmmkay. Great. Let's get to it. Now," I picked up the tatterdest scrap and held it out like a religious relic, draped over both hands, "this here looks to be part of a throw, the kind you'd lay over yer paw's old leather Lay-Z-Boy."

"Lazy...?"

"Recliner, chair..." I tried to wave my hand under the knitwork, trying also to avoid dropping it, "Didn't yer paw have a place he'd set and watch the game to fall asleep on a Saturday afternoon? Not soccer hooligans, the Creights clan ain't, huh?"

"Oh, I see. Yes, the sort of chair nobody but the man of the house could sit in, but if..."

"...but if ya did, there'd be hell to pay if you got caught but if ya didn't get caught, you knew why it was paw's chair and only paw's chair. Smelled like paw, felt like paw. A big hug of a chair, that's the kind."

"I see." He took the scrap carefully from my hands and looked down through his bifocals, "So, odds are this could be especially important to our research as it would have been especially important to the family?" 

"Might could, might could. Bearin in mind that ye olde man o' the house would not have been able to cipher a word of it. Or an ideogram of it or whatever semantic unit you wanna pothesize it's a-constitutin of." 

"Might could indeed--er--what about these wax spots?"

"What about em?" 

"Well, the regularity of the pattern..."

"Looks like random splatter to me." 

"No, if these were splash marks, you'd get elongation and trailing bits. This is the sort of pattern you seen when somebody wants to make something look random," he said, tracing his finger in hops across the wax droplets, "It's like hypercorrection, like the way British people sometimes try to mimic the American accent by adding R's all over, even where they don't belong, like 'winder' instead of 'window', and 'ideer' instead of 'idea'."

"First off, _a_ American accent. Second, you mean 'ideer' don't end with an R? Just kidding, I get it. Real random ain't as random-looking as one imagines it should be, so this is too random to be random. Well, my gran used to do a temporary mend with a little drop of wax on the dining room tablecloth, which was coming unravelt around the edge. And those patterns were fairly rregular, seeing as they happened wherever I happened to sit and pick at it that day."

"Fairly regular?"

"No, I said _rrr_regular." 

"Er--yes, and I've what appears to be an unfinished specimen on display at the Tate which appears equally _ir_regular in the placement of holes here and there, but it would seem the maker had left these holes in her--or his--pattern, for the later placement of rosettes, given that some of the rosettes had, in fact, been added before the work was abandoned or misplaced and never finished."

"Provenance?"

"Provence," he said wryly. "Specifically, from a collection I bought at auction in Breil-sur-Roya, near the Italian border. But we think it ultimately came in authochtenously from the Kingdom of Piedmont during the Savoyard period, possibly originally from the collection of the Cagliari court."

"Savoyard? That's, what... fifteenth century or so? Did they have knitting that far back?"

"Fourteenth to nineteenth centuries. And yes, knitting as a craft dates back at least as far as the 11th century CE. But what you have here isn't knitwork. This is crochet. The piece I mentioned seems to be one of the earliest examples, probably from the late 1700s. The fabric itself is knit, but the rosettes seem to anticipate later crochetted textiles. That, over there," he pointed to one of Ma's unfinished macrame projects I'd been using as a throw rug to keep my muddy boots from mussing up the kitchen floor, "that's knitwork. Lighter and looser and... in light of our dawning understanding, I would venture, less information-dense than is possible with crochet. Not to mention less sturdy." 

"Well, I guess ya learn somethin new evry day. Or evry third Tuesday anyhows. Well, this history lesson's intrestin and all, but let's come back to the wax later. What I was wantin'ta show ya was these ruffly bits. See how the innerds' is all flat, and then there's this inflecshun at the margin, where it goes all non-euclidian? As you were sayin, the information density suddenly increases once you get so far from the center of the pattern. Now, if you was to draw a comparison to some sort'a manyascrip--after all, ain't that what we're doin?--well, then what sorta document would this be?" 

Doc Creights looked at me, all agape, and said, "Now, that might explain the rosettes. Oh, this is brilliant." 

"How d'ya mean?"

"Marginalia, addenda, later additions. That sort of thing. I think you're on to something with this. " 

"How'sa bout we get some supper first?" 

   *   *   *

We Uber-eatsted some Krystals that evening and sat in the sunroom, sippin on Cocke County Blue Flame and smokin curled up tobacco leaves we'd picked up along the old gravel road behind the house. The sun set like embers over the ridge, him sittin on GG's split-log wedding chair, and me in Paps's 'backy-smellin Lay-Z-Boy. In a sudden fit of localissimo, Creights had asked if Krystals did a meat and three, God love him. 

[...]

"Send away to the lab then?"

"Oh gosh, no need for that. Here." He took out his phone and pulled something up, handing it to me. It was tree-ring correlation charts for the area going back to prehistoric times. 

A few hours later, and GG's old wedding chair gave us all the dendrochronology we needed to narrow in the date she must've knitted--or, crochetted I guess--that tattered old throw. 

[...]

That night, I had a dream... [...]

"Go get Mom," Ma'd said.
"What?"
"Go get your great gram!"

GG was sitting on her wedding chair, like she usually did in the afternoon. 

[...]

We went a-huntin through the thrifts for new examples. It would be we'd choose to do our shoppin on sales tax holiday. The stores all reeked of grannies and kiddos and we had to shove in 'mong the ladies in bootie pants whilst all the menfolk rocked away the day on the verandas, drinkin beer outa sacked bottles. But before long, I was 'readin' everything from ... to die-cut paper placemats, the patterns twitterin like water from lack of sleep. Twas mostly all gobbelty-gook, of course. Exceptin one half-a-pair of ladies' gloves that had quite a half-story to tell.

[...]

"You could talk like a normal person, you know. It would be less offensive than that fake-ass hee-haw accent of yours." 

[...]

The giant throwe lathe grandad--that's Paw's dad--kept in the shed had come out of some industrial park he cleared out back in his removal service days...

[...]


DEDICATION

Dedicated to my great grandma Vesey and my grandma. And to my mom, who's anything but 'on the outs', and whose macrame skills, as best I can tell, are second-to-none. 


<<<END OF STORY / BEGINING OF NEW STORY>>>
UNTITLED
Shooting script.



INT. ELDERLY MAN'S HOUSE - BACK VIEW - DAY

An Elderly MAN stands silhouetted before the back window, looking out. The wind blows through the long grass in the yard, coinciding with a breeze in the house that rustles the man's wispy hair.

CUT TO:

EXT. ELDERLY MAN'S HOUSE - FRONT WINDOW - BACK VIEW - DAY

Standing on the porch before the front window, we see the classic figure of the REAPER, wearing a dark robe and holding a scythe. The MAN, still looking out the back window, is visible as a silhouette.

CUT TO:

INT. ELDERLY MAN'S HOUSE - CENTERED - DAY

The front door is closed. Tension-building music/sound effect (e.g., wind blowing) followed by POUNDING on the door. The door visibly vibrates with the sound.

CUT TO:

INT. ELDERLY MAN'S HOUSE - BACK VIEW - CLOSED DOOR - DAY

Same view of the closed door, but now the MAN stands before it.

CUT TO:

INT. ELDERLY MAN'S HOUSE - DOOR OPEN - DAY

The door is open. We see the back view of the MAN facing the backlit silhouette of the REAPER.

CUT TO:

INT. ELDERLY MAN'S HOUSE - OVER THE SHOULDER VIEW - DAY

The camera takes an over-the-shoulder view as the MAN reaches out toward the REAPER, clutching a FIVE DOLLAR BILL as if to buy more time.

The REAPER pounds twice on the porch with the butt of his scythe.

The MAN slowly produces another bill, this time a TEN DOLLAR BILL.

The sound of a scythe accompanies CUT TO:

EXT. ELDERLY MAN'S BACKYARD - DAY

 The REAPER lazily mows the long grass with his scythe, then takes a break to wipe his brow, take a swig from a water bottle, and adjust his headphones.

The sound of a cowbell is heard.

CUT TO BLACK.

Outro music: "Don't Fear the Reaper."










<<<END OF WRITING SELECTIONS>>>


