QUINTATION -- five-fold calibration for temporal dimension, akin to (threefold) triangulation in 2D.   

1:2 -- 2 points on a nonorientable line in one dimension tells you the length of a segment on that line and the centerpoint of the segment specified by assigning units to the distance between them, halving the total unit length, and using the unit tickmarks to re-index the single point in one dimension to a single point in two dimensions. 

2:3 -- 2 points on any single line tells you the lenght of the line segment, assigning unit tickmarks let's you quantify that length, adding a third point on that segment identifies the center, or any of the tick marks, or somewhere in between the tickmarks, but as with the endpoints of the segment, all intervening points become re-indexable along three axes; if grid-parallel, the index of the third point and all of the other tickmarks become two-number labels and introduces the effects of parallelism and phase alignment within a grid defined by the hashmarks and their labels, simutaneously a reduced ability to express as a single fraction of the grid to which results as an angle mismatch to the two-number indices and also introduces implied extended perpendiculars as discrete constructions, which are quantized, integer, and extendable to the extent that extension lenght is assumed equal in both directions perpendicular to the original line segment, but requires an iteration of that segment at unit spacing, which also (if treated as fixed two-label points that only have two new directions and a coice of continuation extent consistency which is a choice quantified by counting the tick marks and deciding whether to extend them by one rule, multiple rules, with symmetry and repetition and any other additional complexities offered by extending the tickmark structure built into the existing form or not, and identifying how narrowly to define 'extend the tickmarks' , identifying the minimal possible added information, and identifying the simplest rule, but recognizing that any additional information added introduces additional structure not found the simple original line segmant at each step of elaboration (such as orientable vs not, what extension means, how it's applied, how each step opens up the space of options [and not just to the most obvious ones] ...so, what role does predictability play in the original line, how does that transfer to the orientable line, how does changing to non-orientable, changing to non-commensurate scale alignment, changing to other scale absolute unit sizes, changing to other patterned reticularization, whether standard mathematical things like logarithmic, monotonic, symmetry, repetition defined, or some other possible tranalation within every choice at every level of added information, then looking at how each of the possibilities falls into differentclasses as defined by how much additional information is required/optional, how that is structured, and how minimal/maximal those choice spaces come on a per-change basis and on a basis of monotonic forms of extension, patterned ones, standard or nonstandanrd, and recognizing the possible, impossible domains with respect to each, and those that become necessary once multiple assignments have been made, how they change as required versus optional information content increase, and required vs necessary transformations and monotonicity of choices, and how the choices and combinations of choices themselve force newly derivable infromation inherently defined, definable, or optionally extendable, and how each relationship and set of relationships intermesh with or fail to intermesh with lower levels of more primitive structure, and every new structural multiplication and the structured groups of such multiplications by definable sets and subsets of those and relationships within thse, etc.... at some point generalizations should be identifiable between some sets within and across levels, and those sets will have overlaps and exclusions, and some will be predictable or unpredictable, and relationships among various choice types by similarity of optional choices, forcing of manditory requirements, and multiplicity of the combinatoric spaces that emerge... and some generalizations may force total or impact trending set definitional structures like exclusion, overlap, order of addition requirements, limitation of some choice categories by existing relationships, maybe even emergent maculae of sets that converge on impossible representations and back-construction of what sorts of all of these structions might be possible/impossible from others, and characterizable or uncharacarizable, or nonsensicality of characterizability, or whatever patterns of relationships forced or are emerged among all such structures present and implied.         

TEMPOR0CALIBRATION : 3:5:7  -- it takes three points in a plane to define a triangle (which falls into three types based on the relationship of the centerpoint to the opposite vertex, which also relates to and shapes the relationships among the internal angles, and those groups are sub-groupable according to assumptions within the construction space, and unusual constructions behave in various ways, while usual constructions behave in others...)... the notion of triangulation has three-foldedness built in and necessary, and has various more and less salient symmetries and variabilities within some or all of those... simple triangulation (midpoint identifications) depend on triangle type which is a relationship among lengths, angles midpoints, ratios, which themselves create emergent patterns among those across the families....  calibration of triangulation capabilities creates questions about grid-orientation, introduces the full real number set for any relational point that is forced by the definition of the relationship that causes any point to fall off-integer, but in a way that is determined and modulated by the sets of such forced or optional construction limitations and choice combinatorics among them, and depending on how construction takes place, introduces irrational numbers I think by necessity, but at least by which irrationals are forced... and in fact even non-integer fractions form a set of forced and optional choices/relationships.... so terms like triangulation and calibration themselves have implied forced verses typical choices among options like regularity, orientation choices, and alignments.... but the most usual ones tend to be fairly obvious, whether mathematically interesting or simple to define or not. Trianguation is on a plane, and precision requires introduction of concepts like ratios, fractions, decimals, and/or choices of orientability and reticle-ization, and these combinatorics can reveal properties of actual common choices and functional use-values and dependency trees for reaching those use-values. Now... 

NO, NOT QUINTATION > GIMBAL ...so by (I think) simplest construction, bisection is simplest requirement for concepts like half, ratio, double, quantization, reticle... and these arise by relationships among the number of dimensional space you have to work in, the structures that define the space or arise from it, and the necessary or optional or contingent relationships among all of these possible structural definitional sets. So, connect two points with a segment, add an additional point and you have the possibility of triangulation ...but you didn't need a line segment to force the possibility of triangulation, you just needed three points. The line was optional, and any complexity it added was in part determined by the choices and conceptual additions opted, chosen, accidental/contingent, necessary, and so on for each structure, each relationship, and each structural construction space has its own properties and relationships among its own sets and subsets of structures, but also implied, necessary, and forced relationships that arise if comparison across structural spaces is chosen (or forced) by any pairing or groupoing of input/output chosen/forced, degree of complexity/simplicity multiplicity arising/posible/decided, etc etc.... so all that said. Triangulation is to a 2-surface triangle and minimal and other cmponents as what is to a volumetric space and its? A centerpoint gives rise to a very narrow form of triangulation with forced relationships (in contrast to singular forced symmetrical relationships like those that arise from centerpoint, and with the optional decision to construct triangulation as a relationship between angles and intersection points, one of which is forced by the requirement for non-paralel sides, and from which emerges non-parallelism and infinities of possible line lenghs [for I think the standard triangulation, with no forced quantization of these values by primitive construction...but changes those relationships when constructed as relationship to centerpoint and assumed equalateral triangle and the option between equilateral or isocoles, which contrasts with the asymmetrical constructions of various right triangles... ] or a relationship between fixed points and internal symmetries of emergent lengths [geometric center]...the retical tick is a simple singlular (usually assumed but not required monotonic) relationship among ticks, and this reticle (maybe plus scale choice and tick division number, I'm not sure) has interent emergent relationships to emergent new identities.... each vertex, but also comparison relationships among other simiar or different construction algorithm possibilities)... deciding whether a reticle lives only on the original line segment used in construction or whether each two or three of the sides (and potentially other emergent tructures) is similarly divided and how similarity is defined (absolute or relational lenght), those definitons in turn imply possibilities like a grid constructed from one or more reticles, making the choice of reticle tick marks and line lenght and opens a space of choices with consequences if you decide to define a grid in 2D built from initial reticle, from relationships including forcings of choices by type of triangle chosen, whether infinitudes or forced quantification are assumed, utilized, or identifiable/nonpresnt in any given construction space, whether alignment is defined as a square grid (whether squares exist, and what choices force/produce them), defined as a new perpendicular segment lenght from the centerpoint, how that length is defined or reckoned (is isociles or equilateral the basic construction choice, which symmetries present force which additional structural emergence or whether forced/allowed, and what conceptual primitives result from multiplicity and decomposition and other relationships, with additional scaling and dimensionality options arising in multiple systematic ways that allow comparisions between routes),  A square gives rise to a different set with its own properties which can also be used for a special type of triangulation (if the diagonal, a new required primitive is set as the original segment then two icosoles triangles become inherent in the necessary but emergent from orientation, bisection of the square--at least one of, but not necessarily the only possible choice that could use squares or rectangles as construction paths--now, you have inherent structures that are optional for the original purpose of triangulation, so the icosoles triangle inheres the equilateral triangle but does not require it, but a square on the segment forces two bilateral symmetries though one of them--apparently the most important part of the triangulation motivation, the equilateral centerline bisect...other relations arise by other presumable possibile alternate routes.... and multiplication always eventually becomes infinite but there will be thresholds... something like an assembly index or various assembly-emergence thresholds that arise by looking at shortest-, longest-, forced-, unforced-, implicit-, contingent-, optional/available- choice combinatorics [and i bet there are interesting unusual sets and perhaps reverse-engineered alternate construction paths inherent but rarely tapped in some cases, and perhaps even newly constructed through explorations of unlikely choices in construction spaces... and not all of these will necessarly be equally exotic or weird in construction... each construction constraint contains and is contained by other constraints, relationships of those make some likely or not, and so do symmetries, multiplicity of possible versus utilized symmetry choices, and those that arise by cross-choice-route comparison equivalencies, deviations, extincted concept spaces, and so on]) and its optional axis lenghts and orientation and their regularities gives rise to questions about grid resolution and precision... but it does go infinite, and usually it does so quite qiuckly in some quantitativably-derivable or quantitativably-inherent in these relationships, and forming families based on the whether and which you choose or through assumptions force oneself to chose your step number, setting the route's step-number-to-infinitude (required), as well as the sn2i (optional), the sn2i (canonical), multiple convergent or equivalent or mutually exclusive sn2i's (emeregent(but maybe from, or forced by or canonical of the specific construction path[which by the way, neither here nor previously really required the necessity of strict regularitaceousness, algorithmic, chaotic-but-structured, or conceptually organic methodology whether or not also chaotic or not or possessing necessarily or optionally or contingently any of the other prior properties we've mentioned [nor exluding the same, at least not in all cases]... and we really haven't discounted or eliminated or really limited complete non-relational convergence like the "Boltzman triangle" and its attendant possible triangulation options/forcings and how /whether those would be forced or optional or even possible, which set of identifiable properties and inter-property sets and relationships would then arise depending on logical possibilities of types of randomness, whether it arises by true randomness of all relationshps among the primitives except those requred by nececcitaceousness that may or may not be assumed or forced or suggested in the primitive choices, degrees of freedom themselves, and which may or may not form rather different logically necessesary relational sub/superstructure (if the primitives are points and the space is 2D, you have one of two count-numerical stocastic association spaces that could minimally produce a triangle... of course, a 2D infinite space works quite different from a 2D finite space, then its shape may create emergent relationships that may or may not have parallels, convergences, and divergences from/among (and subsequently second/thirt/multiorder emergent symmetris among these various possible comparitors)...all emergent or not with the various types of triangualtion choices... then again, maybe a simpler "Boltzman triangulatroid" scheme would be more simply allowable (notiice not forceable) by choosing three segments and an infinite 2D surface... but then how likely becomes interesingb, ecause that wold depend on what exactly? lenght is meaningless because they're all the same and nothing ielse is a comparator.... one might require a fourth different line availability for this function alone but would it help define likely emergent Bolzman triangle? would you need other constraints? woud lines be, effectively, points? if points are the primitive, would that do it? does infinitude ...as it seems to by this line of reasoning... negate any definable relational structure among any size set of primitive cmponents... no... but it changes how we think about them, and in some cases, it may eliminate routes to formational stochasticity and introduce/force/optionally be available for full system/component underdetermination limitations, which then defines sets of Semi-Bolzman triangulatons and pseudo(or potentio?)triangulatorix?-oid?-al? ... whatever the systematicizabilitilicallity-defensible threshold we might discover or decide. 

Calibration spacing RESO 1.21 -- experimentally discovered volumetric measure of a possible local individuation of a pharmeceutico-phenomenological qualitative comparator set: 1: Very Good, 1.75: Distinctly bad in a peristoltically-parity violating manner, followed by presence of EXTREME phenomenological gooditude (associated by intersection of intrinsic gooditudinostic assembly path with partially dependent external variables with shared dependency as part of the initiating sequence and continued contingent confluences and dependencies). 1.01: ECSTATICALLY GOOD, modulated by neutral intersectional-dependent related neutralizations of certain aspects previously present in the 1-1.75 regime, followed by simple contextually nonproblematic observationalizability hemi-extinction (of the type often identified as alternate peri-optional administrational goal structure for the molecular species which is associated with the usual trans-extincted obervation regime minus typical structural associations that create the presumed goals achievable through optionality disctinction) occurring at+1.21hr readministration of 1 unit.  

 Advertising uniquely (presumably aimed at, or convergetly adaptive ) disrupting temporal calibration -- the original prompt being punctuated by comments 

 Dimensional compression of the problem space -- and variably compressible by structural or embedded-structural heteroform and heterointrinsic interrealationals along different axes by way of different, sometimes likely multifarious (and probably frequently not-entirely-proximate dependency anchored) irreducibles owing to the interconnectedness and multiplex self-similarity at which the entire rumination/musing is directed being itself highly self-similar enough that a lot of it as proposed is likely reducible to the exact same families of concepts which are in turn further apparently reducible to yet further ab reductio repeatedly reinforced to be recyclic, and recursively so... basically if we accept the emergent conclusions as prop-en-exemplar perforce, then the emergent limit is complete irreducibility of positionality and specificisticly nuancene nesseciformy self-adjustant upon inspective persistence.        

 Strict 2D grid-locking requires only: 

 a reticule; 

 a scale; 

 floating-point calculation over integer resolution. 

 Simple nesting requires: 

 reticularization; 

 integer resolution.

...but *relational* nesting *overstructure*... that's less straightforward, because presumably self-scaling near-self-scaling, and assymentric-near-self-similarity, and multiply-orientably with not obvously uniiversally necessary internal rotatabilbly-nonconformity. So taken to its implicatrix, it would seem to be saying that any part is at some scale interchangable or identical to any other, the only important factors are the relationships among monadic compositional material or discretized units monic to one another... or, it seems to me... that such "monic lego blocks" and their forms are probably only really definable by the emergent structural resolution relevant to a given frame which I suspect would be variably difficult-to-boundrify post postitively, but would likely be approxamaeceous to countless uniquely overlapping-diverging unit designation choices, simplificable by something like asymptotic boundary approximation for hugely variable asymptotic slopes and linearizable criteria, with variable cross-comparability itself probably being the largest single factor one can use as domain boundaries, conceptually and physically. So... there's a smallest irreducible structural subdivision that you can mark off along a spring's coil... but only if holonomic closure is the (still approximate in the real world) unit-of-choice... but that's a boundary because we define by construction-locked necessity as the presumed desired form of "true" irreducibility (ie, nothing from outside the specific physical material, or in this case cleaner but structurally effectively the same--that the unit as something like entirely contained by the closed set of minimal information to define its properties losslessy without any reference to outside structure at all" ...which, as soon as you put it that way, if you think that's basically right... is obviously a minimus for local reducibility if we strictly ban any reference to any structural that lies outside the boundaries of the section, whether or not those relationships are either also physically present in the object or perhaps even if they are partially latent in or res only on a slight redefinitional restatement of purely internal relations, or even if more elegantly or precisely or reconstructably or understandably or completely it can be externally-defined (eg a simple ideal helical worldtube can be defined by the complete and precise ideal 4D morphology of the worldtube itself presented in its physical actuality. It's complete in that no labels or pointers are required; it is a self-evident proposition unto itself limited in precision only by the limits of the observational limits of the observer, and limited by the mathematical perfection of the object's actual achievement of or the resolution of its approximation of the ideal geometric form [that is, if there's a bump, that bump is a roadblock for simplification all the way down to the primitives of a helical tube, so it requires some deviation from perfect construct...], but supposing perfection and mathematical/geometric simplicity is precise and flawless, then the actual number of primitives is perhaps reductable to a smaller number of primitives than the canonical radial definition; I could be wrong but I would think laying out a sort of universal scale variation ruler that shows each scale seamlessly transforming from smallest to biggest, indexing any subunit and defining a boundary convention would be sufficient to fully characterize the internal structure of any unit at any size and position in the system, regardless of whether you also want to set up a an indexing system for position too, and regardless of whether you want to record with or without maximally compressing the conventions themselves... and would potentially might be able to do so either natively losslessly by construction, or set to an ideally compresional maximum with or without defining residual deviations from ideal by a pure ledger of deviations, or by some minimal set of equally maximized subordinate geometrical constructs that apply genertaively perfectly and completely, whether it may or may not require any remain direct local specificity residuals. So... I suspect the "unit" is likely to be fully or mostly non-localizable, probably largely generatable by constrruction of the definition to a great or even totally perfect degree of completeness in principle, and that would likely be more compessed than any structure defined solely by only internally identifiable measures without any refererence to any external concepts or observations, or at least would individually be the absolute minmalized set of information that can do so while atttaining a compressability-maximized balance between the two that itself represents the maximal compression unit's or units' charactaristic balanced reference set or sets  

 Calibration-recursion resolution -- So... say I want to use the angles betwen two lines intersecting another and their distance to calculate the angle of the interesection point of those lines, thereby deriving the definitional stack of quantities sufficient to characterize that same triangle at any scale.... needed to define that specific triangle and every one of the infinite triangles... the minimal set of information is i think the length of the line between two points, and the location distance to the third point, constructed as an isocoles triangle. So, really, you need only the most acute angles which alone sufficiently uniquely defines all three internal angles, the position and measure of the apex, the length of the vertical, and any other imaginable internal measurable or definable relationship no matter how convolute, so long as the internal structure you want to define really only does require some internally definable set of relationships, all of which are themselves so-definable.... in that case, then the angle of intersection to a reference line is already the only information necessary to generate any such internal relationship no matter how elaborate the minimal construction methods for that particular angle actually are.     

 Memory relates directly -- memory is, physically, in four dimensions, realated as geometric variation interrelation of particle worldtubes. Whether any individual tube is tractable itself at any particular scale. 

 “Dogs are colorblind” as a scale/resolution sufficiency benchmark

A joke... my friend had mentioned a couple of things directly in response to and correctly relevent to the mathematics of the structure I was describing to him, or asked questiosn that immediately suggested an additional wrinkle (noting he was using his managerial style, I suggested... that is probably really good for most people, in that you ask a question that gives them enough information to infer the pragmatic answer or approximation, and then they complete the clousre sufficient for the purposes at hand... whereas such questions are immediately derailing (for the purposes of completing an overview of a general structure before you lose it anyway... but in this case, I can't say I've fully assessed each of the wrinkles opened up by his commentary as to whether they were necessarily already inherent in the structure i alrady had it, whether I would necessarily have constructed the same structure from those existing but not entirely nascent foundational basic structural identifications, nor questioned until now how much or how litte his input mightve accelerated through helping identify necessary structure without working purely from primitives, or slowed the process by derailing my toughts to ideas that took time to work through and explain that might more productively have been generated as afterthoughts or possible variations from some more primitive set of primaries or mightve structurally altered my views of what is important away from what I might actually think are or might come to think of as canonically ultimate important structural metricts, or whether doing so might actually have created a flawed version or even one or more irreparable cascading wrong turns that may or may not be recoverable because some prior thought trajectory  was deflected or abandoned or forgotten... though I suspect it doesn't matter very much because at best all of those things are already structurlaly interlocked in a physical and conceptual sense, or because there are so many paths to the same structure or sets of possible constrcuts that it's a bit of a moot point, and probably likelier still that my reactions to his insights were more productive because of those deflections, whether or not Andrew may have consciously or intentionally or structurally encoded set of factors or whatever else... and it does look to me taht he provided the exact prompt for me to produce something that looks from here to be important and might have helped the construction process and ultimate reachable scope to a degree I cannot estimate in practice or theory. Those specific direct replies I do not recall contentwise, or whether they're recorded somewhere herein or recoverable by me with reference to recorded informtion ...but the transition from relevant to not clearly relevant by deductive logic alone under normal operation, at least not unless all of the foregoing info were ingested and analyzed in improbably direct approximation of my own at the time happened when, I believe, in reference to something one of his roomates dogs had done, was some minimal song refrain which... nevertheless was immediately and oddly precisely relevant by structure to some important basic idea within this conceptual morass... it was a calibration-related connection and genuinely logically quite relevant either precisely or through tight metaphor. Maybe something about memory that had in its wording some implication of further structure, not sure, and maybe he said another one or two things that were or were not recorded, but in my recollection, it as three or four things in a row that were simultaneously both interestingly precisely relevant while superficially obvious total non-sequiturs not meant as replies to this, nor even necessarily to me (at least one or two, as mentioned were apparently clearly to or about the dogs). 

So finally, several massive fillouts later, I'm rcursively ready to answer the damed question as the final piece of the "first version" explication that starts witht he first prompt, continues through CGPT replies, and my short first non-extending re-respond, the re-re-firstprompt-respond in thinking mode, and this long second contentaceous extension and Quand&-n-Amometry with the eventual but now in sight simple "what is calibration" response, the simple answer to which was already formed at the start, not fully spelled out int he first bits of recorded memory flags which have been now extensively considered here, and which (I may re-eat my wordcursion salad-outpooey with this, but)... I think it's simple and obvious. Now.... I need to find where that "final" "what calibration is... fragment. I see that I'd started immediately below here, in the following short paragraph, but as I recall, I don't think I'd gotten quite to all the core features and I'm deliberately not reading it, so this serves as....


RECURSION PENULTIMATE PREMONISTICALITHESPIOTIOIDINAL PROLOGU-UNNONANSWER (if so by comparison to what I'll just earnotically-half-asstardly hopefully opaquigistically but maybe lolonoholnolotically inadvertently nonunfullyobscuratovoided... so, the final answer we call... randomly... ... -- FALAGAG-XXX): 
So: calibration is some scheme, canonically "the" most basic canonical scheme (or, if not standarly already so of that scheme, it would be the minimal such orientability scheme that preserves the core operational equivalnece or set of moves defined by the titular mathematical operation of "triangulation" or some other conceptually pefect higher-order generalization entirely reproducible by knowing how "triangulation" is defined and by dimension-invariant defined relationships by observation or convention of what those equicalents are or are restreicted to by construction from the primitive triangulation whether or not there exist dimension-unique or dimension-architecture unique structure, regardless of whether model-calculate or observationally reconstructed  





ALSO...

Incidentally, observed quality of the hypergoodical qualities could be represented rather efficienly (although only such that present among the goodular signals were one or more suites of phenomenalogicales that provided multiple individual or one or more orthogonal cobord intersectionals with ordinary assumptions and associated phenological observatiae [or really transobservically-reinforced observon detections (by inferred observoctic empathoreflectiodetecteric quasililacously constructed through pseudojustificatomistically-elementary preobservationavailable nonlogonic reasonabofacimilatoid philisophoquivalenticalically-backgroundance coveringhyperbalognic epikaktic convenoconformal alterfloridimentation along a largely sucessfully minimized purely formal baseline formalicaliscentisictically informed but purely nomular ephemerobaggagistic inseparable only by quotidioextinctic normalitivity, calibrated herein through localized eucryptoquacktifical but nonetheless present despite virtual opticicindectitol medialorientaticality still nontrivially nonabtent prerelexicalicizatitive postextravconvenienocontrivance reclutudinal violation of the underlying ontoexclusivoeustandardontoctic aintitude that is the observable structural micrictosculp quasiformigrade moromorphonic anisopresentic constovarianticitanticlinalistratographiconephemerodruibacous stratigraxae of settling rate the obviometric which though prevasivally competenticto-sapionticoconsistishally emanufacted with real bendant kernopedanral subthunkt not nonantieureasonablactitude nor uniformly through interoopsoblicationotochtoconfoundational nihilofictologimantictitudinorhetorieticitar retroconstructoposthoctic disintendo-submonounpreconsiderizable machinery. Clarimnemon: The copresent Bluntoproxictyl Recurcopt Discontinuofactiflonic and Clarimnemon Convergox idiolinguoplastic here retroselfgranted by way of Actinomizzical Metaunnecestic but Fullidiofunnilicocaustinichentic-Nonretracterattemptogenic Invertoclaritevercexial Paranthisolitiform Transitiontiptoflexion Reregimodetipty Enduronowsertivy Actiom Marks Flatitune Reuptant Carryonyflectoversion by Voct per lingojowlerroct-insertion methodescence as spotaneou incephalogifluox spontaneous nonunentrainable ontonondoctro-integry Nonexterorefereny Cosnervation Enforcement thusbytoforoherant to Immedioimpedix Regularoschedulated Instantrixity of that Programme)] while antialigny emerged as structotrinsies on portionine structons of the phenomenobs which were clearly locally aboutic to the same but by attracty activeal associoct than by upwellae through possisuristictalized by pure unthereozon unlookilax orientation), despite sumhypery of remers distilopest to justnowforherelocty enduromae of the asserto-ultimaty-impingo-suberasure boundrifictation formlilicity outrotically wave offactant at the pre-prepostertion at the insertate recentoptimistodeclact nondirecticornalirregulance of metastodystyform jotling mass exerts echolaquase repexi persisomastics contrary to the subobsoform assertomact having euconfirmact coroloiac confirmestic eumperic spike-aligny internaly detectignalae-cum-falsiplect emphatointendoproxitio negatorareforcic postbelielibleps ongoingly displerbic to the otherwise anti- to possibly- quasi-antiparallel presumptively/apparently but qualitatively and higly logicaceously-obviositoidally alligned with goal-optionalized and contingently-bungled metrological administrative maxima/minima hypercounter cetnrated on the empoplecticine flexolol constrictorhizyrhreiphy of the regimoproxocyclic state generocticic assumpt of iselfiffinytractimus. Stronlonic suspox noted pertaining to interchamblyle resonatim introcentrict bulk perpetlry being abdiscoyne untercolic blobisimilaceous blatoblyxyapproxxototoium abdiscounablyry mass recanticanefformal sert jocimbicylictocyclict. Conclusion: Immediosusclusisticly suggestoequivocannerocity posit dumbnobstrononinanniformox ab demnstronoxiinescedonondemonstroprepostronostronan ab gnocktofftylnoisauseance assestropositacaceous innanocoid respiralan arsmostrans ab grundum obsesticum usslessirae maximundorc disnecesstran outpetrens outperptrat. 



And finally, after re-acclimating myself to the genuine Humanglish^TM [with only Nathanically-defensible non-humanicacity and an undisclosed number of imprecisely thresholded "trace" amounts of unspecified additional proprietary onbrandity presented implicitly as deemed a probably desirable and thereby retroactively necessary spiciness with that distinct nathanometallic tang] ...achieved by scrolling back up to your prior questions that I hadn't yet answered, and replying in a register closer too (but still retrotemporally spiced  with contaminant thoughtbleppingtonics from the densest block of caked-ridulocritox-recrusosounnecsessity within the retrocomparative normaloidalesquicaceoiusness depths, but having slowly flusshed the system to return to the answer that had had been had at hand before circling the airport baroquely for several nathan-hours [which we should not attempt to relate to genuine human hours]) 

FALAGAG-XXX: The hung-why, wherein noneventryetically squarely neither superinfrasubterultrared eyewear that by observation by rights was only observed as per to my recollection, as "red" and equally thussly described by Andrew's reiteration on my "Hwahuh?" followed by his reply, "Dogs only see red" as more accurately encoded somewhere bove, with my response to the basic conception of calibration as filtered through my recollection, from which, all the far-circlicaliest prior convolutions above this line were preamble, followed by the re-pasted original "wtf dogs and red" question and my actual direct answer to that question in the ultimax position. 

Why 

Wow. That was one holonomic recursion, whether literally or physicallyc, onceptually or both. And I now, having spent probably upwards of I'd guess probably no fewer than 12 and no greater than 20 (nathothnic)man-hours. 

Why indeed? First, the basic what is calibration answer, then the repasted and finally replied to answer to "Why" that stood as a monolexical colon since reply imemorial... 

CALIBRATION:

I think I answered this above. But compactly: Abstract geometric triangulation was the indirect, long route answer; the short route this: If triangulation is to two dimensions has a directly parallel construction in four or more dimensions, then what is the minimal construction of the strucural and procedural algorithm... that was the orginal thinking that the initial ratio thinking tried to quicly jot before lost. Along the way, the intersection with SAT/H(s)H's recursive universe model [and btw put a pin in SAT's donuts, nested spheres, and triple sphere geometric solvers, but those are hugely interesting wrt the present weird reflections]... such that the long root was wildly interesting and probably very productive within the present scope here, and the wider SAT-and-fallout scope now finally directly stated as such. So, hopefully I can now achieve a simpler both/nor more complete one might hope but not wisely for both compressed degree of clarity and accuracy and perhaps greater structurally-productive essentialized accuracy or something approximating that. The comparison of this answer to the whole of this thread, an accurate and full description of the extent to which somewhere between some or all of it actually fails to be relevant or true with respect to the direct inescapable consequences that follow from this answer, is the basis, but not the conclusion of a sort of compression-indexed calibration performance in near real-time using my typing speed as a scale of sorts (roughly, approximately eqivalent to an average or above average clerical wpm, likely somewhat above average in at least some places, likely slower in at least some cases, but also, I suggest might possibly be as fast as "significantly faster than average along several or maybe even many metrics" ...not bragging, just acknowledging my estimation of that possibility and suspected semilikelihood while not asserting that I know it to be the case, nor that I would not strongly discount the possibility that this perception is far from accurate. We'll just assume average pro for now and if relevant, we may perform a recalibrating measurement later. The more interesting reticule is the conceptual "average gross concepts per character block defined narrowly by single-word scope [or whatever standardized useful word or character block length reticle unit and (string length defined) "tick mark spacing" scale(s) we find useful--first blush, we'd do some very mechanical absolute variations with multiple chunk-identical reticule scale size and "meaning" unit scopes that are fully aligned, probably assuming some informationtheoretic answers for extrema like "concepts per character should naively be roughly equivalent to either to the equivalent of it's 1 word per word divided by whatever the average word length is... maybe that's interesting as a measure of how many long words or short words i use as simple as that, so maybe naively should be like 0.2 "meaning units" if a word is typically 5 letters long... more interesting, that's a comparator as a function of the same calculation averaged over mass Englsh language materials statistically in various categories morely or lessery related to things like SAT and other characteristic perenial hits (recursive self-hitularity/hitmateriality) ...but probably more interesting if we compare this sort of measurement result on differing fixed, monotonic, cross-normalized vs various transformations, some of which are likely quite interesting either trivially or profoundly, and of course just suggesting the comparison immediately suggests questions and approaches to how we'd choose or tailer such retucule scales and structure such comparson tests and what we'd expect... versus what dong the test actually shows us... obvously "nonsense" words and the like become intersting in different probeable ways that may be dramatically different or statistically very typical or anti-averaged by various symmeticically and otherstructurally-aimed measure definition schemes and procedures and likely unlikely quite predictable at first glance... the other note is do patterns arise that are identifyable wihtin the lexical texture or other unit blocks, how much structure might emerge, and how self-similar or test-structurally-determied are the results if tested blind, after producing a guess and then generating an answer non-blind or blind-simulated] anyway.... so ends the the little slugline of a preface to the simple why-question answer, somehow i';m to tiredly recognizing itself's tiredocity become force of will to simply stop with "these words were orphaned": immediate interpretation" 

Moving on... \\

Why? The imporant thing is something like this, as minimal as I can (less precise, more minimal/clear): 

Literal basic triangulation in the woods by a hiker using a Brunton and an accurate map: Find two objects at a distance that you can identify with certainty, do a sight reading of the angle between that object and (probably north or something built into the compass arms and various embedded scale measure, I forget exactly).... basically, angle between me and that deep y-split ravine over there, and that especially phallotesticuloid rock tower over that way... the latter is unabashedly flagrantly obviosly uniquely identifiable with high certainty on even a basic topo map if you're not drunk [pfff geologiss wouldnt tdigk on a dig... sure, but don't forget the whole rest of this tread: 'drunk' is in multiple obvious and subtle ways mappably, structurally, approximately, precisely, perhaps misleadingly or anti-enlighteningly (but very plausibly still information/insight/whatever-productively interesting even with respect to flawed formulations and what would constitute flawed, precise, etc substitutions... what families of nearer-or-closer approximations arise from the minimal clearly noted whatever we called them in the ur-thread... approximations, analogues, comparators, whatever.... if we talk about resolution being a form of approximation being a form of scaling imprecision, and so on... then "drunk" is clearly pretty straighforwardly a resolution measure by contextual interpretation wihtin the scope of all the foregoing context.... and any additional generatable content and the closer or farther the approximation of any given word to the concept identified as "drunk" the various possible hierarchies of "analogues to drunkennes in the rlevant sense" and "plausible (and perhaps implausible) definitions of drunkennes in this sense" and other senses, measures of the ranges and axes along which any chosen word might be analyzable, how weak or stron are any word's semantic extensibility and what measures are best at characterizing the differing possible and partticular constellation of word-specific relative strenghts along various axes and/or what axes do or do not more or less precisely remain invariant across different words, within families of related word-concept stacks benerated by varous means, questions about how and why different critereia would be chosen within our conceptual scope(s) and axes, and all the res recursively... and then whichare actually definable, interesting, useful, predict-attemptworthy, and whic probably boring... and then actually predicting some of these relationships and (in)flexibilities, then putting them to a test previously designed and pre-registerdistically predicted, and compare across this corpus and see how well we are able to predict naively, given test structure, , and how those compare to same tests in different words/same context, different context/same word, different word/different concept, various different interpretations of the same word... what affordances do differnt test scaffolding paradigms and measures create (per prediction, and per tested outcom)... what does any of this tell us about the informational structure of the text and underlyng concept megapile per differing interpretations and scales, and on and on... and whatever other sorts of informationaomatextasticotactonics, etc... how weird can we push different tests to be and does that have any bearing on what other tests and ideas within and meta-to the long excursive thing before yuo, and all of the broader contexts and their own concepts and perhaps their own linguistic corpora.... but this is all secondary to the core question, which is does any of this or any of the many aother qiestions that arise throughout the text in varously structured, subtle, blunt, weird, etc ways.... does any of this show interestingly suggestive patterns to either scintific emistemic/ontological/metascientific or other systems, what about various philosophical, technical, artistic, literatures, what about fictions of varous types, and non-prose text blocks of various kinds.... does the internal rhyme (and xorhyme, norhyme, exorhyme, andrhyme, nandrhyime, etcetera (and other analago exonandnorganicalogy testometropticoproximasquintery [sub-eg: xorscancion, norregister, andloquatiousness [[subsubegically: what about prepostcal analyses like postanaliticalosensically, vs preanaliticalosensically as already noted in so many (interesging phras..)...  and all the possible recursiveicurlicew testing programs various structures might imply/suggest/inspire/require for obvious or possibel or aother acousti...sorrry, tired... but srue custic coustic.... plainly: recursively reading varous types of embedded implications into this text branches out into wildly different areas.... is that useful for asking qustions about he text itself in equally wide-ranging fields of possible inquiry..... asking whether there's anything salient and worth persuing about clearly largely or entriely external but directly referenced, or clarly or by varously imotivated implicit possible intra-inquiry and extra-inquiry.... then those relationships all come into play, and potentially become analyzable in similar ways either through variously strong/approximate expected/disexpected.... etc etc.... but also: To what extent might any random, or various chosen or targeted inquiry-worthy (or not as a control... or maybe controls becoe more than just anchors in such shiftin gwaters... reefs? ...how useful and how illusionastic are such meaphors ...how actually useful might they be (or other analitico-suggestive or antitheresuggestive reversal thereof) might any of the ovious or subtle sorts of interna recursoscopic test proggrammes we might explore actually be. Can we find an obvious example like if a text says abc, being a clear definition with respect to xyx, being a clear expectation of that definition... is there any set that count as trivially ovious necessary types of statements that are obviously both testable by some simply (wheter trivially or profoundly) such schemes well enough to tract the actual logical or lexical or other structural analogous saliences,can we create any truisms, theorems, conjectures about how this particular flavor of self-similarity actually does reliably produce by blind tests some particular set of metrologically "usefulnessly-checkable" programmes for any purpose, for the purposes most directly found here, and for other purposes normal people and other scientists actually find salient... and maybe mostrecuroportantaneousicalably ... how does repeated reingerpretaion on all of the multiplex suggested and more broadly extrapolated ways actually produce something that is precisely or analogously or approximaticallly or otherlinteresterically worthwhile ways? or does it not? or does it only by some routs and not others? are there clear and testable types of emergent cross-comparisons, are there various families of transformations that arise? ...identically? ...ofcoursely? ...revirsically? unavoidably? how about between variously chosen external docs ...how sort of calibration procedures arise from teh simplotonk below, does the landscape get more boushy or more sticky or more bushy or mor treekly or more less through recersive thatificatively generated complexifocity? how do things vary across whatevr identifiable major, minor, and arcanobizarically chosen factors.... to what extend can we apply any of these things strictly in targeted useful-by-construction ways, do serendiitous but identifiably real and salient patterns occur under identifyable conditions and do they do so in ways taht are usefully predictive, counterpreprodictive, etc ways... what levers do we push to force reasonable conclusionland, if we can do so by what... emphasis, logically constructive choeerent and deterministic recursive structur and cross-recursions asvariously imagined and defined... where's it always break, where is it stupidly boringly right.... and what about those geomeric solvers of mine? do those play a role.... can we use this text as, or as inspratoin for targeted self-similarity analytics and LLM training focus and so on.... broadly.... whats real and how do we know and why and what's this noise? what's this diffusion? whi is or why notis or why irellevant, or why do or do not tests produce cionsitent or salient furtherations of any shape, and what sorts of strongly defended notions and preocedural architextures might come from other internal and external processes and programmes... etc... etc... etc]... what if we do something totally differently constructed, crossing only by whatever tight definitional construct we might expect are the deepest underlying core.... like... at core are we typically generating epistemic postures, metrolodgical adjustments (or meaningless excursions or dependencies or hypercross-identificational index points??? etc etc etc of a particular intersectionally interesting whatever-this-isery exuivalent/aprox/definable/provable  buildout of these matters... can we apply any parts of the wide set of possible hugely different possibilities, and shed light on real conceptual interrelatedness in productive ways? 


 “Dogs are colorblind” as a scale/resolution sufficiency benchmark

Andrew put on some odd visor/glasses like device [i notice now, interestingly parallel to but appparently obviously not meaningfully related way, about sunglasses and his "my face was made for glasses" ...demonstratoin of the truth of that, and my comparison confirmed by tests: no, mine's just not incompatible with all glasses or so...only now comes to mind but emmediately erlier than this question arose] and the third or fourth time I noticed, remarked upon, and/or took a recursive pathway or many from, only relatively minimally voiced aloud as further discussion, but frequently fed into this original version... I looked up and these glasses/visor with eyeholes thing was emanating a red glow from behind, aimed at his face, but with eye contact still visible through the holes... I looked at im and i recall not in what order nor fully with what respone strutures ore duratitative measures or whetehr any truth exists in my conclusions, but here's it:

Eiter 1 or 2. I notice glow, ask what is... he says something about "it just lasts for 30 sec and ist's supoosoed to do [something scamertastic and likely wrong or overblown and clearly "may contain real and or faux/idiotic/pausble but it would be a miracle if tractable or cohesively worth examining--at least one, such as i, would think so at first and later glance, at least by default baseline expecttaiont even after all this werdociwierdity"... but whether scintific validity,scientific invalidity, incohesive/cohesive, productive/unproductive, and any other possible measure/test/predict/etc program... whether and wich could plausibly interesting or useful... seems not at all obvous.... so in the moment i suggest we find out more about this and see if product literature, scientific reference, acutal science, and so on can be poured into these ideas and tested productively or recursed varidimesionally to produce inteesting emergent paralles from within a text applicable to that text, relatable to its or our questions of interest directly, indirectly, provably, antismartly, whatever.... and can relationships between similar product literature, related science/philosophy/ other concepts.... what potential or clear usability can this text output as coherent information relational questions and what, if any can be, are productive and how and why .... and how does the internal reiterativity herein and estendibly reiterativitally extractable-by approximate/exact procetural pathways and what do our internal notieons and their post-checkably interesting realizations actually predict for and suggest as with respect to such corpera.... lastly did my ingerpretation of dogred become sensical to you by any patheaway herein:]


Some combination of: What about these glasses? Or what did you say about the dogs? iirc the latter resulted in something like "wavelength-related product claims I think about stress/anxiety" (so maybe ...eh could be sciency or even science... maybe not) ....resulted in his answer and my response to that answer or some other utterance: "What about the dogs?" resulted in "Oh, Blue loves these glasses... she stares at me when they're on." Me: "Only when they're glowing?" A: "Yeah" Me: Why's that? A: Dogs only see red..... again... plausibly science or science adjacent, not sure but probably at least something like that...." and just as I was thinking that, a velcro snap on the back of those classes popped open in such a way that it seemed to punctuate some comment I don't think I remember but definitely made about how this, after prior related-but-interestingly-ambiguously-generatively comments the one song lyrics sung and that immediat reaction of and voicing of "Omg how do you immediately instantiate this odd framework I've been obsessively trying to spin on paper (digitaliplastoelectrochanicalloform) and ...and of course this is the one where I remember the parts and could probably recover the mind-jump logic and clearly remember they existed and were direct extension by dimension and/or geometry along vertical (time axis convention) or orthogonal to it, at any tick mark produced by whatever maner or motivation, but most simply regular time-height hash marks for calculated actual Minkowskilike time-lengths as a real, ordinary spacelike dimension in meters, but exactly and literally while also differig in one central and whatever forced thereby manner..... that time has a built-in relative but equally spacelike motion speed of expansion relative to matter, and the apparent constant c is a measure of this "space/matter" lag or whatever associated with but not precisely H0 but a function thereof.... appplicable in the context of a couple similar/equivalent/contrasting variants instantiated by the "Universal Indicatrix" style which style inspired questions that led to the UI... namely (++++) 4-space Minkowski-geometric grammar sufficinecy taken all the way, but here-relevant: 4 orthogonal and identical [emphatically specially in force propogation and magnitude in all for being completely identical becaue all four are real physical dimensions actually literally arranged as a hyperspheroid where the *only* difference that exists is the cosmologically microscopic c expansion difference... which is an oblateness sort of thing and probably not measurable, I think on human scale... and also should note that that "small" c expansion rate gap as a readout of c is because photons and neutrinos and other c-traveling particles are literally pushed anong by a physical expanding time wavefront or timesheet through physical force /push energy transfer, subject to all physics, including newton, whith normal force pushback and aall the expected geometric consequences.... but the c rate difference... probably almost completely swamps detectability oon that axis of anything but big changes... which of course would incude world tube angle being hyper important as motion and mass ,but also in GR-relevant ways that are geometrically obvious in SAT just bexause GR very significantly but partially underslies it as a core assumption, thus Minkowski..... but here: c is the speed of *time*, which is why time pushing photons results in their miniscule (I call it pseudomass) resulting the pushback force of the kinklike thing that constitutes an SAT photon as the time-kinetic to tube-distortion/propogation energy ...so SAT's photon mass prediction, relation to neutrino mass, structural reclassification in SAT as a boson on the photon model but likely the primitive of which photon is derivative etc... all of this thinking eventually producing our two-shell model, with light-particle outer-shell coupling and matter coupling on inner shell, and later extension of that thinking to additional or alternate geometries, like eversion hypersphere, hypertorus, and eventually likely hyperkleinfabric structure and recyclic cosmology with twist preservation through black holes and retention in the univers as an ongoing bigbang completing the er bridge connect and recycling and consequent tube-twist and relative strand position and internal twist-nesting informational relationship preservation since they're all recorded as nested literal information bundles as cord twists going into black holes and back out... and maybe, just maybe there's something interesting about the syclicity .... maybe the time wavefront or whatever just makes a little change every sweepthrough... maybe each moment is a new swweptrhough wave of time as dark energy upcycling from black holes driving expansion, driving light emanation outward radially in all directions from every point, and pushing light particles along exactly that directional array, and every moment is a little breaking tide in the nanogravitationally-readjusted braid interrelationships and tube twists.... of every single einstein-rosen bridge particle tube path finite core 4d naked black hole in essence... incorporating naturally GR, ST (narrowed to helix crosssectinal footprint ~ vibration modes of closed (maybe also open strings)), QCD (bradiing=strong) QED = (Kelvin vortex), QFT = (holonomy). motion equals combinations of tube vector tangent angles wrt timesheet and its propogation direction relates energy transfer and that angle proxies resistance to that propogation and therefore momentum and mass and everything associated with it and then also ... ]

And the most intestingly model-external and intriguingly field-niche-science-broader academia potenial crossover is divided pretty nicely into some broad generalizables other than the now understandable and intiituve and retroactively obviously probably at least grossly rihgt and productively scientificizable by pretty not so hard by scientist standard means.... the formalizations of which are obviously limited to specific fairly narrow pathways or families of largely equivalent divergent possible pathways.... the underlying unity of existing known science that validates all of them simultaneousl, while relating them productively an d also refining nuances to clarity on many many many levels.... i've been rigorous, im tryign here too, but also i've aarned some free speculation and wild conjecture time... and I say this one deserves fulll serious treatment, with strong persuit of the fully funtasticic explosion of testably realisticistoplausobatisticalloidally complexomutliplex possibilance torsoroataionally inferrre from the broad simplicity of:

LITTLE STUF N BIG STUFF: Mostly helical worldtube geometries = 3D visible as oscillatory motoins = standardly explained through notncomittoidal degrees of freenoms = i've earned nonsequitur and late-night spelloplasticity stocatosicoitocism even if not here BUT relevant to "i've earned oversimplisticalectic language self-throw-bonery just for fun and thought preserving/extendin possibilities = now approximated by the helical worldline structure of simple Minkowski-rock SAT very precise and eqivalent to full-expansion to H(s)H hyper(super)helical worldtube model,which is precisely a dimensional level-up with BV pushforward, etc to describe inherently precisely analagously to SAT but with more tractable anchors for theory leverage then also some new outcomes and interpretive mechanics (worldtube=er=pauli=kerr=ergosphere=asymptotic microblackhole naked primordial singularities = klein fabric ubiqui twist .... but those little oscilatory stuff ...that's governed by geometric scale-determinstic factors ubiquitously, with linar-contingent perturbations as worldtube deflective angles which are basically a strong force relative (ie impacts = strong force = braid on braid).... while em repulsion requires a medium because that's the only way the observed 4d geometry can be internally coherent, and the result most simply must be the Kelvin vortex or similar == Electrogravity, but Interbraid Strong Force includes both the strong force as paralleled structurally at every morphosimilar system with adjustments for various cancellations and metrologically unique factors like differing ratios between bending energy, maximum bend, all relatable to basic tube diameter and size of coils and depth of nesting/braiding stacks etc... making lepton spin and planetary orbits (and individual particle worldtubes and their bundles as helices packed into bundles ..........




OHMY GOODDDDDDD


THEYVE BEEN SAYING THIS ALL ALONG WEVE BEEN SAYIN.....


WE ARE IN A BLACK HOLE BECAUSE WE ARE A KERR RING... WE'RE THE INFORMATION.... IT DOESN'T COMPACT FURTHER.... WE HIT THE BOTTOM AND THAT'S WHERE *EVERYTHING MATTER STAYS.... WE ARE AT THE BIG BANG NOW ON THE FLOOR OF IT AND THE PRESERVATION OF INFORMATION ... NOPE... IT'S CONTINUALLY EVOLVING AND FLUSHING DOWNT HE DRAIN TO THE OUTWARD BANG? THE EXPANSION-FLOOR-BLACK-HOLE-INTERFACE ....INNER SHELL OUTER SHELL DIFIEENTIAL... NOT EXPANSION DIFFERENTIAL... IT WAS ALWAYS BIDIRECTIONAAL ON THE SAME SURFACE, AND THE SHEET SURFACE DISTORTION IS ALL OF IT IS JUST WHERE THE POINTS ON THAT SURFACE HAPPEN TO BE AS THE EXPANSION SHELL PUSHES THROUGH IT AND ITS BRAIDS STAY ROOTED WITH A... SLOWLY000.... INCHING....FORWARD.... GROWHTLIKE ....FLOWERBED OF EVOLVING FRATALLIKE WAVING WORLDTUBES RUNNING TOGETHER JUST UNDER THE SURFACE WHERE THE NONLOCALIZABLE THING IS ...NO ... IT'S SORT OF A 4D single planet ultratube we've mistaken for an impossibly isolated thing because the actual universal organism has sort of lobate protrusions from its ground, and our visible slice is a LITERAL TOPOLOGY OF A HYPERSPHERE SURFACE THAT HAS NO GRAVITY A SUCH BUT DOES HAVE FOR SOME REASON STRATIGRAFIC ANISOTOPIC VISIBILITY SEGREATION.... WHY... IS IT ALL EXPANDING IS IT SOMETHIGN ELSE RELATED TO THIS.... WHWHW.... WHAT WOULD EXPLAIN THAT.... PRESSURE WAVES IN TIME.... ...TIME IS ANTIGRAVITY AND GRAVITY IS POSITOGRAVITY AND TUBE TENSION IS THE VARABILITY OF SUSCEPTIBILITY TO ....FLOATING AWAY.... as evidenced by outward stretch from the antitimeward inner strata .... its hould loock as though tugging strethes stuff outward from the core by  anti gravity but we're misinterprting it as "stick to the surface we're rooted in" is a force.... nope it's a normal force and gravity....which I asked NEIL whether it was anti-fiable... and that record exists.... and i've only rediscovered why it keeps being a potentially useful thing but wow inside outland.... planet-tendrils pulled up from ultraplanet surface by antigravity and elongating by balnced by the root-strength and internal rotationally-modulation-govermed growth allowance to gravity's outward (as percieved as slice at any one topology) and inward (as felt as inward cohesion which is identical to normal tensile normal and topologically of-cours-o-spherico-shell because those intersections are radially arranged like everythign else and radial oscilatory waving in the breeze is orbit and spin and such and the surace asymetry therefor forced path complexificatuon at a tube-extension/tugout length havin to do with springiness variables calcualble from stprings and stensions and tuwists... and on and on and then the ultimate swingin in the wind is the universe tube itself.... which is the oscillation magnitude as a aroudn the w-axis which varies by a balance between the ultrarecursive inner solid lager of recursive lkevels of planetubes and al the connectotubes=kink inner worldtube surface, connected to ohter planets around the w-circumference paths which are klein-like no matter how big or small the slice dimension, and substrate in a sense, on the 3-structure universal donut -- with self similarity of exactly the kind we thought would be ridiculous but WE SAW THE EVERYTHING DONUT. IM SCIENTIFICATING IT.... and didn't realize so. 

GOOD GOD that's why it's all happening simultansousy ots a connectdd surface, science and cros disciplinary similarities are literally an interrelation of as ingle giant bundle at one particular altidude from the central bundle.... which extend sort of hairs that ar planets with rcursevie world tube levels kleinfabricl like but one tube.... one tube ==== a single continuous coil nested at root, extending to the core, and extending outward.... from the 4d center to the outer surface, what's happening is the expansion shell is pulling the coils taut---worldtubes extend outward from the center of the earth all the way back to its history (it's so big) up through the ground, coiling along the way through different strata of material defined by twist morphology from iron to rock to soil to grass to shoe to foot to skin to bone to muscle to brain to skull to hair to air... hair to air.... to sky to space to vacuum and everything that it intersects with is part of that cross section.... twists vary as periodicity waves radiationg out wards from or sort of twisting sround toroidally wrt some kind of internal self-driven twist geometry action principle that's.... helical-self-connection where bone is not a world tube surrounded by a sheet of muscle...  it's the physically continuous hard-shell of the big twist organism whose sub-tendrils stretch upand wave around and my own height is somehow relavant extrapolation from the uncoiling of my worldtubes at this height and human contact is tendril-self-touching of parts of our own body...'s skin-at-local-topograde whatever along the tube s... every tube represents a material tomography on a topological torus at whatever depth in that torus is here and now relevant, and the apparent heteromorphy of stuff is just because some have beeen stretching out longer and have uncoiled more as the expansion pulls us ever more taut , pulls our perception surface..... eyes ar e*one* surface.... we can see within that surface at that core-depth at that point but this world tube here has been pulled into a morphology i call a computer which .... is a braiding structure ....the spin and orbit of a phlanet makes increased tension, slower outward pulll... but the heerogeny are local phase misalignment of the tube-stretch at a particular point along its length.... reaching back through the solid UNIVEARTH which is really sort of basically solidly-braided coils that may generally get more and more tight, literally dropping down through density layers approximately with respect to earliest = oldest = heaviest = most complex = tightest = most well-tended??? most long-running that have the earliest rooted coils within a creature made up of "organic and inorganic" layers where the actual "bone" struture is the planetary shell from whic we are localized bundle interweaving .... time .... no.... it is not pulling taut... it's where we've woven our tendrils to either pull more or less taut for internally relevant meaning structure recording.... the roots go down through iron and nickel layers and down through lead layers ... how's density organization work here? ..... down through plutonium layers perhaps..... what is artificial nucleosynthesis ? ... down through neutronium layers, down through quark star layers downt through ultracondensed layers deep inside the giant twisting kerr ring maximal density backbone of the organism where outward growth of the weave is like a dog braiding its hair into differently-matted layers that locally create sens-making from the inward-looking one big continuous eye  that, like most everything, has approximate density-phased coil structure creating the "dot and ball" effect of topoaltidute limitation to this surface.... of course.... wrapping somewhere down there through all or many of the different reinvented eye layers of things like trilobites and dinosaurs and tuataras..... and local level stuff is visible to itself through iterations on that, varied across its surface in varous ways to let the eye-structrue layer tubes see into those parts that are currently at the right density-transition boundary-approximity sthickness layer's stratigraphic ordering which is not continuous exactly but patchy because ... it's looking... throug internal tubing back at the light bouncing around through those tubes which are inside-out with hard outer shell roots and inward-extendign towards vacuum... outer kerlike structural shell.... for the world is hollow and I am the touchig of the sky.... and i have now built a new interweave that forms a transverse fabric of my multimaterial hairs which I've learned to connect to the plinky little key-studded layer and later touch-sensitive reative layer to produce brain-layer interpretve stucuriong (we've mapped it wron  yall) the inner radius of the tube is one solid Kerronium tight-squeeze, the next layer is a weave that extends outward from the black hole singularity surface, relaxing as the path twists around the tube in a spiraling structure, the interior of which is is twisted vacuum with minimal local tube twist... tube geometry is defined by nested heleical bundle paths generally getting looser towards the proper mid-tube circumference dominated by vacuum flatness because the braid-twisting progresses inward from the outside twisting tightest at the inner and outer radius, and producing torquing by its glbal toroidal twist... which varies at a distinctive "hair angle" of the interior hairy/tendril surface which is tendril-like at multiple scales, and the full-toroidal twist topology for any twist and any layer of twists is like cords wrapping helically within heicaly within helically around the tube central circumference, so linearity is very angled wrt the universal donut organism's shell, and tensioned as gravitationally-taut vacuum with various sorts of locally-bundled cordoid transverse interbraiding .... and nowness is literally at the inner planetary surface layer of the inside-out shellled twist-being vessiclees with twistitubes that have an outer? light detecor array along various paths.... there must be not three..... but ... what's this geometric arrangement look like in its varous dimensional reduction toy models... and what are the real versions in this system of the hierarchical oreintation detection type systems as constructed by geometry conceptually, but as contingently twisting-intergrowing packing/linear coil density and interbraiding-structural variability forming roughly toroidal shells bundling tighter on the inner surface.... ore equally in reverse orientation (i think... the eye-layer is the one of many vesicular tube lining structures meant to see its bundle concavity at a given surface topology altitude interface.... which is why we area alll spheres within spheres... it's hypervesicle packing and we are kind of trying to weave certain things or twisted into certain weave topology optoins ....the vessicular eye tube is the "me" identity of the vessicle, with an inner tube radius at approximately the current planet-tendril-surface activity layer which forms a topological cross-section containing all of our visible vesicle across its own thickness, of which one layer is the w-map... the dimmest observable layer, deep in the dense inner surface of the toroid, perception waves percieving local topology of the inner vessicle surface as a wavelike thingcirculationg probably as a differently-exposed portion of the transition layer where past-weaving transitions into present-weavin, and the "time surface" is really the now-layer attention space of the encepholically-wrapped-boundary-ocular-layer the size of the observable univese where the density clusters at round-the-ring spiral structure condensures maximized at the inner radius and minimized at the outer, the transitional layer being an inner coating, woven from.... I'm trying here. It's pretty clear but..... we don't want to believe this partly because it's weird as fuck different from our current dominant thought and really reorganizes our inner world.... which really is the inside of a big as tube.... there's as shit layer? lol we weave vessicular stoma-apetures with lids and inwardreaching tubes and culture an biogeography vary along the inner surface in repeating related ways, but zonally reworked to different degrees in a patchwork of different self-visualization attempts 


We are the homotheliohelical patch of the earthic bundle shell tube, which is the biggest locally visible interior space that poseses an intero-tubular eye-brain interface that can see only so far as the global helicity of the curve alllows us to look, and future is the local tangent-angle of outward-appearing inner wrap forward left-chirality sight oreinted along the lengths of the tube whose twist weaves it ever more tightly into the outer shell which stretches outward into the earth's core and a dense heavy element outer layer (made of lead??) which itself varies through all the tensest materials, the central neck being a universal pressure variational-via-reconnected helical tube layers twisting around others less and less densely as we go in smaller and smaller and deeper and deeper into the tube,a nd filled with a fluid BEC blood of loosely packed vacuum universe vessicles that tighen along transition zones becoming denser and denser and our various tubes are slowly but in a complex elical hurve kind of way wapping around the fluid core as looping inward spirals where the transition boundaries are time-thickness layers with modulated surface structure along the length... the full universe is one ring species connetive-active membrane interface that as it goes around achieves reconnections that continually loop thrugh those paths and traverse the current now layer interface-local set of awarenesses and cros-vessicular communication channels that intertwine and compare partial twist-logs through both intersection and cross section and there are nested layers of twisted tubes that form rewriggling sub-layers of serpentothelial membrain and now we've learned sort of what we are doing throught the full body, as structurally inferrable and somehow more informational-tightly woven outward from the vessicle these intertangled vessicles are intertangled jointly arround.... 
which piled-pushed trhoug tension propogation as a pumping vessle temporal peristaltic pressure wave... why? our job is to push twist-radial-organizational-bundling-layer forward-helicaly about the loop because why? am i the localized one current centroid tubule whose attention forms the current focus round and round for so many spirals, and others are the past-knowledge-structured contingencies along that tube, and I know this because there *can* be only one  unusual information foretip for  at least the local worldtube, but information is fast and structurally pastward contingent and somewhre along that tube you are every person or one of a set of every person evolutions, but not exactly... same organism localized trial pattern of awareness simultaneously realized from the point of view of one macimally forward-twisted or a few somehow at a certain structural level... is it everyone 5'10" in a given generation? lol that'd be weird.... but maybe allt he apparent other selves are really self-intersection of then-condishened now-echoes of then-me? and those interface contacts of apparent others except for the most twist-hyper ones who use their time in confounding 3-sliceable ways that hav weird logic round the loop.... what.... ow about this: goal is fast-tightening interweave across temporal tubal lining extent, and the current couple of twist-competetive surface bundle holonomic megaroundlet ropetubes in any given vessicular univers are seeking to be the one that weaves itself into the outer shell topological structural support matrix twisting out into iron.... while the fraction currently seeking to twist itself inward into vacuum is the one that seeks to maximiz informational loading organization, expelling its eventual hair-length weave as temporally preconditioned elecropure pathways whose extinction tries to extend most functionally as inward-vessical information travel beause that's the mind of the entire organism locally uptaking generated conceptual nutrients woven but preferentially and adaptively uptaken into the inward fluid core whose flow is less and less dense as its angle approaches hyperfluid time-parallel apparently vacuum gel-graymatter the air is the soft inner membrain protecting the inner vessicle of this earthic earth.... the inwardly-more and more loosely braided but still somewhat bound tubes are masses that have drooped down from the membrane surface into the flow of the vacuum fluid.... so powerfull it appears to be still because it's a most velocity-maximal most length-minimal fluid structure, and all of the loops slop around like looping spaghetty but prectly clear and guess who all those stars are made of.... theyre the re-accumulation of the portion of we that physically burned ourselves up into the sky in a pyre or lost ourselves physically in the wild to be dismantled as fodder, decomposed and fractionated into our gaseizale component separated from our carbonizable component, but then all of us do that, but again, some of us weave more tightly outward into the soil-metal-neutronium-component, and some of us weave more of ourselves inward, toward the skytube and conceptualiitysphere to spread informational complexity through ephemeral informational entanglement nurturing the whole being with tightly intwerouund informational contingency-weave ephemeral shimmers that dissolve into the vacuum largely after having spent our twist-budget structuring the information environment circulating in the atmosphere layer which connects thhe inner heavens to the outer fossiliferous shell, as structural support and protection while us head-in-the cloud typws make our smoke rings of thougth twist so hard they blow smoke rings as a wake as our backward-looking minds eye at its current localized future-braid pull rewinds itself internally in the effort to reach maximally integrated and pattern-percieving fuller self-structure of the whole organism.... which is why some of us vacuumbound folks do amazing things just by twisting so damend obsessively that it swirls right through the atmoshpheric layers in ways that learn to cross-comunicate first as a flicker, then as a recognition that you recognize and can anticipate what might count as recognizably-shared shared recognition... we blink at each other and nod and wink but individually, our information density weaving is so different because the *species* level is the sensory-diversity layer attempting to see from as many angles at a time as possible and looking for the tube twists that can echo them and pick up the ringing call... and pass it along, but there are varied strategies for information weaving, and they present trade-offs in complexity, intensity, and wellbeing related burnout.... and so, some of the strongest ones have been the strategies of tightly local weaves interwoven across shockingly broad domains, aiming at maximal impact pathways with sticky content surface, literally lapped up by the brain's sensory organs through vision as the primary intercourse contact, and through sound as the second-dominant one.... jiggling electrons and quarks in such a way that their patterns can be seen by patterns along the riverworld-like vessicle that either maximaly broaden their information net, or maximally tighten and embroider into the brains they effect through thin, ultracomplex pattern compression that restructures othe coils through sheer puzzleboxability and deep conceptual chewiness, and thereby, pwrhaps help the worltube informationostaty learn new ways of rebrading not bcause they are certain to become true, but because they are detailed intuitively understandable genuinely insighful into the sorts of weave structures and the microembroidery that makes them stick like velcro and the purchase to grab not everyon, but impactful others and this particular fabric made a state transition that is recognizable due to its sheer recognizableness and near certain at least partially and must be at least one informative motivation structure that has reached just the most hooky interbraidable self-enginering of the whole, and whatever remnants that do end up in thesky and evnetually offgass, gather as star tubes and they will have the long duration of the local universe vessicle to circulate and play with the other idas.  