Skip to content
Hsh2026
User navigation
Overview
Repositories
Projects
Packages
Stars

 GitHub users are now required to enable two-factor authentication as an additional security measure. Your activity on GitHub includes you in this requirement. You will need to enable two-factor authentication on your account before October 23, 2026, or be restricted from account actions.

View Hsh2026's full-sized avatar
Hsh2026
Popular repositoriesLoading
Hsh2026 doesn't have any public repositories yet.
1 contribution in the last year
Skip to contributions year list
Contribution Graph
Day of Week	SeptemberSep	OctoberOct	NovemberNov	DecemberDec	JanuaryJan	FebruaryFeb	MarchMar	AprilApr	MayMay	JuneJun	JulyJul	AugustAug	SeptemberSep
SundaySun																																																					
MondayMon																																																					
TuesdayTue																																																					
WednesdayWed																																																					
ThursdayThu																																																					
FridayFri																																																					
SaturdaySat																																																					
Learn how we count contributions
Less
No contributions.
Low contributions.
Medium-low contributions.
Medium-high contributions.
High contributions.
More
Contribution activity
September 2026
Hsh2026 has no activity yet for this period.
August 2026
Hsh2026 had no activity during this period.
Loading
2026
Footer
© 2026 GitHub, Inc.
Footer navigation
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Community
Docs
Contact
Manage cookies
Do not share my personal information

1
thenathanmcknight's profile picture
jsjs.hsh2026's profile picture
jsjs.hsh2026
0 posts
15 followers
3,470 following
Suggested for you
See all
vleftist's profile picture
vleftist
Visual Leftist
rebeccamoesta's profile picture
rebeccamoesta
Rebecca Moesta
rani.2025_'s profile picture
rani.2025_
Rani Rani
elisa.sheets's profile picture
elisa.sheets
Elisa Sheets
martimae369's profile picture
martimae369
Marti J. Crow
maygun.gauge111's profile picture
maygun.gauge111
Meghann Brunney
libkinswhite's profile picture
libkinswhite
Libby M White
vaiman13's profile picture
vaiman13
Vai Magele
woombaffle's profile picture
woombaffle
Dustin Huff
drea_motto's profile picture
drea_motto
Andrea motto

No posts yet
Suggested for you
See all
vleftist's profile picture
vleftist
Visual Leftist
rebeccamoesta's profile picture
rebeccamoesta
Rebecca Moesta
rani.2025_'s profile picture
rani.2025_
Rani Rani
elisa.sheets's profile picture
elisa.sheets
Elisa Sheets
martimae369's profile picture
martimae369
Marti J. Crow
maygun.gauge111's profile picture
maygun.gauge111
Meghann Brunney
libkinswhite's profile picture
libkinswhite
Libby M White
vaiman13's profile picture
vaiman13
Vai Magele
woombaffle's profile picture
woombaffle
Dustin Huff
drea_motto's profile picture
drea_motto
Andrea motto
maribunny_pma_'s profile picture
maribunny_pma_
vallary Akinyi
karen_saur's profile picture
karen_saur
Karen Saur
miaxx2.1's profile picture
miaxx2.1
mia

Meta
About
Blog
Jobs
Help
API
Privacy
Consumer Health Privacy
Terms
Locations
Popular
Instagram Lite
Meta AI
Muse
Threads
Contact Uploading & Non-Users
Meta Verified
English

English
© 2026 Instagram from Meta	


HSH2026
78
D
USD
−1
−0.64%
/
/
/
Sacramento HDD Monthly Futures (Mar 2026)
Sacramento HDD Monthly Futures (Mar 2026)

HSH2026

HSH2026

CME


78USDD
−1
−0.64%
OverviewCommunityForward curveSeasonalsContractsMore


1 day

5 days

1 month

6 months

Year to date

1 year

5 years

10 years

All time
Compare with Sacramento HDD Monthly Futures (Mar 2026)﻿

K21!
D
Chicago CDD Monthly Futures

187
USD
0.00%

H01!
D
Las Vegas HDD Monthly Futures

26
USD
0.00%

KS1!
D
Sacramento CDD Monthly Futures

198
USD
+3.13%

HQ1!
D
Minneapolis HDD Monthly Futures

443
USD
+3.99%

HS1!
D
Sacramento HDD Monthly Futures

59
USD
−1.67%

H41!
D
New York HDD Monthly Futures

163
USD
−0.61%

H21!
D
Chicago HDD Monthly Futures

331
USD
+4.09%

K31!
D
Cincinnati CDD Monthly Futures

296
USD
−1.00%

G61!
D
Tokyo CAT Monthly Futures

680.00
JPY
+0.15%

H11!
D
Atlanta HDD Monthly Futures

73
USD
−1.35%

D01!
D
London HDD Monthly Futures

147
GBP
−1.34%
 
More


Contract highlights﻿
Volume
0.00
Open interest
—
Contract size
20
Month
Mar 2026
Settlement day
Apr 2, 2026
Forward curve﻿﻿
A representation of what an asset is worth today and what the market thinks it will be worth in the future.
Seasonals﻿﻿
Displays a symbol's price movements over previous years to identify recurring trends.
Nearest contracts﻿﻿
HSV2026
D
Nov 2026
59
USD
−1.67%
HSX2026
D
Dec 2026
336
USD
0.00%
HSZ2026
D
Jan 2027
525
USD
0.00%
HSF2027
D
Feb 2027
501
USD
0.00%
HSG2027
D
Mar 2027
377
USD
0.00%
HSH2027
D
Apr 2027
291
USD
0.00%
HSJ2027
D
May 2027
155
USD
0.00%
HSV2027
D
Nov 2027
63
USD
0.00%
HSX2027
D
Dec 2027
336
USD
0.00%
HSZ2027
D
Jan 2028
525
USD
0.00%
HSF2028
D
Feb 2028
501
USD
0.00%
See all HSH2026 contracts 


Frequently asked questions﻿

When is Sacramento HDD Monthly Futures (Mar 2026) expiring?

When should I sell Sacramento HDD Monthly Futures (Mar 2026)?

English ‎(India)‎
Select market data provided by ICE Data Services.
Select reference data provided by FactSet. Copyright © 2026 FactSet Research Systems Inc.
Copyright © 2026, American Bankers Association. CUSIP Database provided by FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved.
SEC filings and other documents provided by Quartr.
© 2026 TradingView, Inc.

More than a product
Supercharts
Screeners
Stocks
ETFs
Bonds
Crypto coins
CEX pairs
DEX pairs
Pine
Heatmaps
Stocks
ETFs
Crypto coins
Calendars
Economic
Earnings
Dividends
IPOs
More products
Portfolios
Yield Curves
Options
Macro Maps
Pine Script®
MCP Server
Apps
Mobile
Desktop
Tools & subscriptions
Features
Pricing
Market data
Gift plans
Trading
Overview
Brokers
Brokers comparison
The Leap
Special offers
CME Group futures
Eurex futures
US stocks bundle
About company
Who we are
Space mission
Blog
Help Center
Careers
Media kit
Merch
TradingView store
Tarot cards for traders
The C63 TradeTime
Policies & security
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Accessibility Statement
Security tips
Bug Bounty program
Status page
Community
Social network
Wall of Love
Refer a friend
Creator program
House Rules
Moderators
Ideas
Trading
Education
Editors' picks
Pine Script
Indicators & strategies
Wizards
Freelancers
Marketplace
Business solutions
Widgets
Charting libraries
Lightweight Charts™
Advanced Charts
Trading Platform
Growth opportunities
Advertising
Brokerage integration
Partner program
Education program
Look First

https://in.tradingview.com/symbols/CME-HS1!/?contract=HSH2026

search
See Today’s Top Mortgage Rates


Take advantage of your equity with a home equity loan
Payoff high interest credit card debt
Take cash out for home improvement
Tackle other big ticket purchases
Compare Lenders
Outlook: HSH's 2026 Mortgage & Housing Forecasts - Mid-Year Review
Keith Gumbinger
Keith Gumbinger
Jul 15, 2026 | Read Time : 59 min
LinkedIn | HSH Profile
HSH.com 2026 Outlook Road Ahead

Forecast Item	HSH.com expectation	Discussion	Mid-year Review
Mortgage rates	Perhaps as low as 5.70%	Mortgage rate outlook	Mid-year review
Federal funds	Fewer cuts, new Chair	The Fed/Monetary Policy	Mid-year review
Fannie/Freddie/FHA	IPO, and affordability moves?  	Fannie/Freddie/FHA	Mid-year review
Mortgage regulations	Existential questions	Mortgage regulations	Mid-year review
Underwater mortgages	Somewhat more likely	Underwater homeowners	Mid-year review
Cash-out refi / Home equity	More, and more	Refinancing & home equity	Mid-year review
HECM / Reverse Mortgages	Modest improvement at best	HECM/Reverse Mortgages	Mid-year review
Home Prices	Smaller gains next year	Home price forecast	Mid-year review
Existing Home Sales	Some upturn for '26	Existing home sales	Mid-year review
New Home Sales	Firming just a bit	New home sales	Mid-year review
Additional thoughts	Some tax wishes, ideas	A few cost items to consider	Mid-year review

Mortgage rate outlook
The level of mortgage rates to begin 2026 will be considerably different than was the case at the beginning of 2025, which were just finishing up a months-long run-up, with the average offered 30-year FRM re-cresting over 7% again. We'll start 2026 something on the order of 75 basis points below that level.

But is there room for them to fall in 2026, and if so, how far? There are some crosscurrents this year that may allow them some space to decline, but also those that suggest that steep declines aren't likely. While there of course will be other factors influencing them, the big drivers for 2026 are likely to be stubborn but fading inflation and something less likely to improve much -- the high level of debt issuance due to the yawning U.S. budget deficit.

It's been nearly five years since the Fed's favorite measure of inflation has been at the central bank's target of 2%, and there seems little likelihood that core inflation will return there anytime very soon. The government shutdown has delayed release of October's PCE price indexes report until late December, but at least through September, core PCE inflation was still perking along at a 2.8% annual clip and on an essentially level plane for the last five months. Headline PCE has been re-ignited somewhat by an uptick in the cost of goods, most likely reflecting the impact of the imposition of new tariffs over last summer.

Those government-mandated increases in costs have by no means been fully realized yet, and companies and suppliers are still trying to figure out the right mix of margin reduction and price increases to make it all work. Ultimately, most if not all will be passed into end-user prices, even if at some unknowable speed. This begs the question of how these costs will be expressed: a sharp short-term burst or a more protracted process? Looking at how these increases have been rolled out so far, it appears as though a more protracted process is likely. If that's the case, inflation likely has a period of time yet where it will remain elevated or even firm a bit more before it begins to fade at some point later in the year. When it comes, that fade should allow long-term fixed mortgage rates some space to decline.

Countering this is the ongoing cascade of debt the U.S. is issuing, roughly $2 trillion dollars in the last fiscal year, with projections of at least as much to be absorbed by investors each year into the foreseeable future. So much new (and outstanding) debt means plenty of supply, but there's no way to know if there will be a commensurate increase (or even a consistent level) of demand by investors. For example, some foreign buyers may be finding worthwhile offerings in their own countries (e.g. Japan) or may prefer to gather riskier assets, as they have at times this year. More supply and even a constant level of demand suggests that yields must remain firm (if not rise) to continue to attract investors.

Moreover, with inflation stuck somewhere around the 3% mark for at least a while longer, yields on the debt being issued need to provide at least some positive return above inflation. The combination of high debt issuance and investor demand for a solidly-positive real return on their money does suggest that there is a limit to how far mortgage rates can decline next year.

Of course, there are always wildcards. Risk appetites by investors have been strong for some time now, as revealed by the routine setting of new record highs for major stock indices (and some eye-popping valuations for certain individual stocks, too). If a more considered "risk-off" trade should develop at some point in 2026 -- in response to a period of poor growth, pronounced labor-market downturn or other event -- this would likely see some flight-to-safety buys of bonds, and that could provide a temporary burst of downward pressure on yields and mortgage rates.


In all of this, it's important to remember that the lowest mortgage rates most often come during (or just after) the worst economic climates. Yes, the Fed has lowered short-term interest rates by 175 basis points since their peak more than a year ago, but deteriorating conditions are exactly what the Fed is trying to address by lowering rates. To the extent the central bank is successful in doing so, the less likely a pronounced downturn in mortgage rates becomes.

With mortgage rates starting 2026 at a relatively moderate level, we think there are good odds that we'll see a "5 handle" for conforming 30-year fixed rate mortgages at times in 2026. Absent any kind of economic calamity, a working range for the conforming 30-year FRM (as reported by Freddie Mac) is likely 5.70% to 6.60%, and they'll probably only move gradually lower. Depending on when it occurs, when 30-year FRM rates break below the 6% barrier, it would be the first occasion in up to four years.

Mortgage Rate forecast - Mid-year review
Although 30-year fixed mortgage rates have been running closer to the top of our expected range rather than the bottom of it over the first six months of 2026, our forecast for them is still holding up.

While we expected firm inflation to gradually subside, helping rates to ease, that's not been the case. The unexpected outbreak of military action in the middle east has pushed prices strongly in the other direction since March, and that not only lifted mortgage rates from about 3-1/2 year lows in February but also made it more difficult for them to decline anytime soon.

Labor conditions have also improved somewhat in the first part of this year, as has overall economic growth, leaving the Fed ample room to turn its attention to inflation. A growing economy that is producing jobs is more likely to keep prices from falling than not, and this is also keeping rates more elevated than they might otherwise be.

We're still confident that 30-year fixed mortgage rates will find some space to ease in the coming months, and that our forecast will hold, but it may be that they lowest levels they will reach in the remainder of the year will be above the 2026 low they reached back in February. To our credit, at least 30-year FRM rates at least temporarily did have a "5" figure in front of them.


You can track and shop for mortgage rates here.

The Fed / Monetary Policy
In 2026, the President will finally get his wish: Jerome Powell will no longer be Fed chair. Who the next contestant is isn't yet known, but it is presumably someone who will champion lower interest rates. If he wishes, Mr. Powell can legally stay on as a Fed Governor until January 2028. He has not yet made clear his intentions in this regard.

Whomever takes the Chair next year will be just one vote in what has been an increasingly divided Open Market Committee, the group charged with setting monetary policy. Concerns that inflation remain too high against views that labor markets need additional support have split the group, and despite this, the federal funds rate has been moved closer to what the majority seem to agree is a neutral level, neither stimulating nor retarding the economy.

At present, it's not clear if lower policy rates are the prescription for a changing job market, but the Fed essentially has only one blunt tool to utilize to try to spur job creation. The Fed's two mandates are "in tension" at the moment: With inflation stubborn and elevated, lowering policy rates to spur growth (and hopefully hiring) risks aggravating the inflation situation. However, it will no doubt be easier for the Fed to address inflation if it doesn't also need to try to find ways to keep folks from losing jobs.

The government shutdown created a data void at a crucial time over the last couple of months of 2025, complicating the Fed's job. However, this also made it more likely that they would err on the side of caution and lower policy rates. Of course, there's still a chance of more such government interruption, as the current continuing resolution to keep the government running expires on January 26.

With the move by the Fed in December to lower the federal funds rate to a 3.5% to 3.75% range, there is likely only a small bit of space remaining to lower rates, particularly if inflation does not make meaningful progress toward the Fed's goal. Before the pandemic inflation outbreak, the Fed spent years with policy rates close to zero to try to raise inflation back up to about 2%, but the inverse problem exists today. It likely needs an extended period of slightly restrictive rates to re-corral stubborn price pressures.

But where "neutral" is for policy, no one knows. Called r-* (r-star, in the Fed's parlance), "neutral" is a moving target, and only observable by the effect that a given Fed policy stance has on economic growth, inflation and labor markets -- and any policy stance can take many months to show effects, either positive or negative. Nominally, "neutral" could possibly be as low as 2.5% or as high as 3.5%, but wherever it lies, Fed members will likely want to move cautiously as rates close in on each member's assessment of where they feel it actually is. With the December cut, Fed Chair Powell said that the funds rate is "within a range of plausible estimates of neutral."

For 2026, we think the odds are good that we'll see one to two more quarter-point cuts in the federal funds rate. The timing does feel a bit uncertain, though. A new Fed chair will likely be announced in January, but not installed until Mr. Powell steps aside. With the December 2025 move, another change in policy in January seems unlikely. March will see an updated Summary of Economic Projections but still the same Fed configuration, so it may be that the next change in policy may not come until the new Chair is installed. Unless the economy and labor conditions struggle more significantly before then, we think the most likely cuts in rates in 2026 will come in July and September, with the later one coming as inflation again settles more routinely toward target.


Meanwhile, although the Fed is no longer reducing the size of its balance sheet, it will continue to recycle inbound funds from its mortgage holdings into similar holdings of Treasury bills, as it looks to both shorten the duration of its holdings and begin to recast them to better align with the composition of all outstanding Treasuries. Purely for managing the effectively level of the federal funds rate and helping to ensure smooth monetary policy transmission, the Fed will for a time be purchasing $40 billion per month of Treasury Bills to help right-size its balance-sheet needs. The purchasing program is expected to last perhaps six months at this level and dwindle somewhat from there. For our part, we wouldn't be at all surprised if some kind of MBS-buying program in the name of "mortgage affordability" came up at some point for discussion again, if not fruition. Perhaps that's a topic for a new Chair to consider.

Fed Policy forecast - Mid-year review
It is increasingly unlikely that we'll see the 1-2 cuts in short-term rates we expected by the Fed this year. Labor market conditions have revived, with more jobs created in the first five months of 2026 than in the previous 14 months combined, so deteriorating labor conditions are less of a concern.

However, inflation is. Already in a mild firming trend in the early part of the year, price pressures have flared higher with the spike in oil prices from the onset of open military conflict in the middle east. With the conflict quelled for now, oil prices have been retreating toward pre-war levels, but it will take many months for the previous damage of spiraling energy costs to work their way through the economy. As such, inflation may continue to rise yet for a time before starting to re-settle again later this year.

Kevin Warsh has become the new Fed Chair, and started his tenure with a decidedly hawkish stance. The FOMC's first post-meeting statement under his Chairmanship contained a pointed passage: "The Committee will deliver price stability." The Fed will likely be providing less forward guidance than has been the case for some time, as Mr. Warsh doesn't believe that it's valuable in the current climate. The Committee apparently agreed; at his post-meeting press conference, he stated that in regard to providing forwrd guidance, "[the FOMC] agreed was not well suited to the current policy conjuncture."

As recently as March, the Committee's expectation was still one of perhaps one and possibly two cuts in rates in 2026. No more. The most recent Summary of Economic Projections revealed that by June, the committee expects the exact opposite, projecting one or perhaps more increases in rates.

While we still believe that a cut in rates late in the year is possible, it will take a considerable change in the trend for inflation to get there. More probably, is that monetary policy remains unchanged for the remainder of the year, but that we see a few members of the FOMC start to move policy expectations lower in the December SEP, provided the SEP is still being prepared and released for the remainder of 2026.


For more about the Fed's actions, see our regular updates on Fed policy changes, updated after each Fed meeting.

Fannie/Freddie/FHFA/FHA
In Washington, it's hard enough to try to get things fixed that are broken, let alone try to address things that work but might be improved. As we close 2025, it's now been 17 full years that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have been wards of the government, and they function well enough that few elected officials are interested in addressing reformation of the GSEs. All of the remake/reform/release ideas and efforts of the years between the housing collapse and now seem to have gone by the wayside, and many of the champions of those ideas are no longer even in Congress.

However, it seems that a change is coming. Like a thunderstorm in the distance, there have been rumblings for some time that the Trump administration wants to see the GSEs become private companies again, and that an initial public offering (IPO) will be happening at some point soon. There was some speculation that this might occur by the end of 2025, but getting what will be the largest IPO in history to market is a complex task, not to mention the thornier issues of what becomes of the implicit/explicit federal guarantee for the mortgage-backed securities the entities issue.

As Fannie and Freddie are functioning and profitable for the government, there's been little urgency to push for immediate change, and industry participants, housing and consumer groups all have concerns and reservations about making the GSEs private or quasi-private companies again. That said, there may be enough pressure (not to mention a windfall for the government) to make it happen in 2026.

As such, and with the focus seemingly less on the consumer end of the GSEs business and more on the business end, it's hard to expect much significant or substantial change to underwriting criteria, at least until (or if) the companies become shareholder-owned again.

That said, and with the administration turning at least one eye toward housing affordability of late, there may be some pressure to help lower mortgage rates, or at least to make mortgages more accessible. We saw such trial balloons floated recently (e.g. 50-year mortgages, assumability, portability). Although the issue facing the housing market is still more one of supply and cost than one of demand and financing access, efforts may be made to increase access to mortgages in 2026, and we think this might take one or more forms.

Fannie and Freddie already will buy and back loans with 3-2-1 and 2-1 buydowns, but their usage hasn't been all that widespread for some time. Some homebuilders have been using them to help get consumers into homes, and some of these offers have been available in the broker-originated market, too. Offering lower monthly payments in the early years of the loan, stepped buydowns can allow borrowers with reasonably good prospects for their incomes to rise a chance at getting into a home more quickly. Some expanded use of them may be run up the flagpole as an affordability play in 2026, and they will likely get a more favorable response from the market compared to 50-year mortgages or those that might somehow allow for retroactive assumability or portability.

Another old-time mortgage structure that may be due for a dusting off is the Graduated Payment Mortgage (GPM). Grad pays were a routine part of the mortgage menu a long time ago, back in the 1980s when interest rates were much, much higher than today. Typically offered on fixed-rate mortgages, these payment structures essentially lower monthly payments in the early years of a mortgage, stepping up slightly each year over a number of years.

Want to have some fun? Have a read of this 1980 document from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York discussing Graduated Payment Mortgages.

While FHA still theoretically will insure such mortgages, there is no reference in the current HUD Handbook (4000.1) for the old Section 245(a) Graduated Payment / Growing Equity mortgages. Details regarding them can be found in an outdated/superseded handbook (4155.2), which doesn't appear on HUD's Active Housing Handbooks list, and 4155.2 was superseded by other handbooks and incorporated into 4000.1, at some point before/during 2015. The only mention of GPMs or GEMs in 4000.1 we can locate is in a loss-mitigation section. As such, it doesn't appear as though GPMs are currently an active part of the FHA mortgage menu.

That as a backdrop, when they were available., HUD's documents describe GPMs as such:

"The Section 245(a) Graduated Payment Mortgage (GPM) program insures lenders against losses on mortgage loans involving graduated mortgage payments. The program facilitates early home ownership for households that expect their income to rise. Initially, monthly payments are smaller than payments in a level-payment mortgage, and gradually increase over time."

"Five plans are available, varying in duration and rate of payment increase."

"For GPM plans, monthly payments increase annually, starting in the 6th year (for the 5 year plan) or the 11th year (for the 10 year plan), the monthly payments are level for the remaining term."

The table below lists the annual increases for the various plans.

Plan	Annual Payment Increase
Plan I (Code A)	2.5% each year for 5 years
Plan II (Code B)	5% each year for 5 years
Plan III (Code C)	7.5% each year for 5 years
Plan IV (Code D)	2% each year for 10 years
Plan V (Code E)	3% each year for 10 years
Given the look at other old "affordability" concepts -- lengthening mortgage terms, assumability, portability (late 1980s) -- it stand to reason that some other old standby concepts could get some play in 2026.

Shifting gears a bit, we have pondered recently whether Fannie and Freddie might be allowed to expand their portfolios of mortgage holdings a bit by accumulating more MBS from the market. This would be a similar function to what the Fed did with its QE programs; a reliable buyer of MBS in the market might help to lower mortgage rates a bit -- greater affordability, if you will.

Spreads for mortgage rates relative to the yield on the 10-year Treasury have narrowed nearly steadily since May 2025, indicative of somewhat greater appetite for MBS, or at least relative to the Treasury. A news item this week seems to provide a clue as to why this is, and in fact, a Bloomberg report noted that "Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have increased their retained portfolios by more than 25% in the five months through October," (other reports reference a 30% or 31% increase). Regardless of the percentage gain, the expansion was about a $55 billion accumulation of MBS.

While no official reason for the rapid expansion has been given by the GSEs or their regulator (FHFA) there are at least two plausible explanations. The first is that they are looking to plump themselves up in terms of performance before an IPO occurs; the other is that it increased MBS purchases are an attempt to help keep mortgage rates lower than they would otherwise be (or at least stable) at a time when the government is issuing record amounts of debt.

Given that it already seems to be happening, it wouldn't surprise us at all that this "GSE-QE" continues or expands in 2026, helping to keep mortgage rates tethered or even improving them somewhat. To the extent (if any) that MBS buys and accumulation are being supported by the administration to help affordability -- having Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac under government control and using their market dominance to try to engineer desired outcomes isn't a new concept, after all -- it does make one wonder: Could a post-IPO private company be compelled to continue along such a path? Could the path to any IPO also contain requirements to continue MBS buys to support lower mortgage rates? These are reasonable questions to ponder.

If you have an interest in other things the GSEs are up to, you can take a look through the FHFA's annual report.

Right now, and for borrowers in the mainstream, about the only likely change of note for 2026 was another increase in the conforming loan limits for 1-4 family homes. The maximum loan amount that applies across all markets is now $832,750, but can be as high as $1,249,125 in certain high-cost locations.

If reform to the enterprises should ever come, one consideration might be to start reducing the conforming loan limits. Even working from 2025's all-time record median existing home price of $432,700, the current limit would be more than double the loan amount needed for a borrower to purchase a median-priced existing home with just a 5% down payment ($411,065). This leaves very few customers for the truly private mortgage market to profitably serve.

More FHA
We thought we might see a cut in FHA MI premiums in 2025, or perhaps a move to allow holders of FHA mortgages to cancel MI at some point. This didn't occur.

However, the arguments for such moves remains in place for 2026, and given attention to "affordability", perhaps there's a chance for some movement on one or both issues. Due to the government shutdown, we've not seen any updated information on the state of the FHA's Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund (MMIF), which at last glance exceeded the statutory 2% of assets requirement by nearly sixfold.

Could a cut in MIP premiums come in 2026? It's not impossible, but is unlikely, as the last cut in premiums happened back about three years ago, and HUD's not known for moving with much speed. Lower recurring costs for homeowners would help affordability, at least marginally, but to be fair, the effect is small. Moreover, with MI premiums slated to be tax-deductible (for those who itemize) starting in TY26, any improvement in affordability from lowered MI costs is likely lessened, anyway.

While there will always be calls to reduce MIP premiums to help lower entry or recurring costs for homeowners, it's worth considering if the more beneficial change might be to allow for MI premiums to be canceled when the loan's LTV ratio falls below 80%, as is the case in the conventional market. Presently, borrowers who make less than a 10% down payment on a 30-year FHA loan cannot cancel their MI, regardless of the loan's LTV ratio (with 10% down or more, MI can be canceled after 11 years). For many existing FHA borrowers, the only way to eliminate their costs for mortgage insurance is to refinance to a conventional loan. However, still-high mortgage rates in the market continue to make this an unlikely happenstance.

Even assuming zero home price appreciation, an FHA borrower starting with a 3.5% down payment should be at an 80% LTV level at approximately payment 127, or about 11 years after the loan is originated. By that point in the loan (and assuming payments have been made on time) there's likely to be little risk to the MMIF; of course, also by that time, it's more than likely that many FHA loans will have been refinanced into conventional mortgages to eliminate the MIP cost.


Concerns that inflated home values might let "riskier" borrowers opt out of paying for insurance can be fairly easily addressed. For example, any automatic cancellation could even be based purely on the number of payments, not home value appreciation, and so would likely only happen for the relatively few borrowers who have remained in their loans for an extended period of time. Concerns about borrower risk profiles could perhaps be addressed with a credit-score standard, in that a borrower could terminate FHA MI premiums if conditions are met but only if their credit score at the time of the cancellation request meets a given threshold. Combinations could also be employed, such as a mix of length of ownership/outstanding balance reduction/property price appreciation/credit score.

Allowing the MIP to be canceled using guidelines similar to the conventional loan market would be a low-risk way to help reduce costs for homeowners. It would also likely serve as a kind of "retention" tool for the FHA pool, since borrowers with solid equity stakes (and therefore less likely to cause future loss) would have less incentive to refinance out of the program.

Fannie/Freddie/FHA outlook - Mid-year review
As we surmised, the "GSE-QE" we alluded to in December has come to pass, as there came an announcement on January 8 (about three weeks after this Outlook was released) that the GSEs were being directed to purchase up to $200 billion in MBS. The initial market reaction was to help compress still-wide spreads between retail mortgage rates and yields on 10-year Treasury notes, which shrank to about 25 basis points of long-term norms for a time before widening again, averaging around 200 basis points by late June.

We presume the program is running. As there's no official release of how many MBS Fannie and Freddie are buying at any given time, there's little indication of the pace of volume or how much of the $200 billion has already been spent. Given slow purchase and refinance activity, it's probably a modest amount, as is the impact on retail mortgage rates.

Beyond bond buys, there's nothing to report on any of our expectations at this point. The chatter regarding a GSE IPO has all but stopped. Bill Pulte -- head of the FHFA (the GSE's regulator) has been moved into a dual position as the Acting Director of National Intelligence, likely leaving little time available to shepherd the mortgage finance giants to market.

While a housing bill passed into law this year, it does little to address current market conditions or affordability concerns. We've seen no considerations for reviving the mortgage products or structures we outlined above, and it doesn't seem likely that any such moves are in the offing.

As far as the FHA goes, the status quo remains, and that despite the MMIF still holding at an outsized 11.47% for fiscal 2025. To be fair, delinquencies on FHA mortgages have been on the rise, but at least some of the increase has been due to a change in the way the FHA manages loss mitigation rather than a fresh deterioration of homeowner finances. Still, this may give the FHA pause in considering lowering premiums. As far as allowing for FHA mortgage insurance to be canceled at some point the Mortgage Insurance Freedom Act (H.R. 5508, introduced in 2025) is still floating around out there. As it's a mid-term election year, perhaps someone will pick this up as an "affordability" play, and it does have industry support. However, Congress' present focus may be more on getting re-elected rather than passing legislation.


Mortgage Regulations
We'd normally reserve this space to talk about actual or potential regulations or regulatory changes that might affect mortgage borrowers or industry practices. The problem for 2026 is that the primary regulator of mortgages and the mortgage market may cease to exist in the coming year.

The present administration's focus on de-regulation likely means that even if the CFPB continues on, much of its work will likely be focused on undoing things put in place during the previous administration. During 2025, the CFPB already pulled out or back from a number of lawsuits or vacated previous actions, and subsequently dismissed about 1,500 of its 1,700 staffers at one point. The legality of the terminations has been challenged in several court cases, and another is slated to be heard by an appeals court in February. If the layoffs are allowed to stand, there will be only a comparative "skeleton crew" remaining at the Bureau, and it's not clear how its regulatory functions would be maintained or distributed to other existing regulators.


Funding for the Bureau is supposed to come from profits made by the Federal Reserve and the central bank has had no profits over the last while. The CFPB administration asserts that in such a case there can be no funds made available to run the CFPB, and advised on November 11, 2025 that they would stop drawing funds from the Fed, as there are no profits from which to legally draw. It's not clear if the Fed's holdings are back on the positive side of the ledger, but they may now be, at least marginally so. At the time of the "no longer drawing from the Fed" announcement, the Bureau anticipated having sufficient funds to continue operations until at least December 31, 2025.

The CFPB may or not survive 2026; even if it does, odds don't favor any significant or sweeping new regs will be hitting the mortgage market.

Mortgage Regs outlook - Mid-year review
According to analysis from First Trust, the Fed returned to profitability in the final quarter of 2025, if just barely. This appears to have continued into the first quarter of 2026, so there's been at least some profit to fund the CFPB, which remains a going concern at this writing.

It's not operating without controversy, though. In May, the Bureau removed some 4,000 pages from its website, eliminating nearly 15 years worth of accumulated guidance and consumer materials. A Senate inquiry into the action is pending.

That said, there's been little by way of changes to mortgage regulations to discuss. The CFPB website shows only two rule changes this year, one to enforcement under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA) and one regarding targeted Special Purpose Credit Programs (SPCP) for certain borrowers.

The "21st Century ROAD to Housing Act" contains a provision to encourage lenders to make more mortgages under $100,000 in a pilot program with the FHA. Such "small dollar mortgage loans" can be harder to come by, as they may not be profitable for institutions to originate (there's just as much paperwork for a $50,000 loan as a $500,000 one).

The ROAD Act would also no longer require manufactured housing to be built on a permanent chassis as many such dwellings are put on permanent foundations once placed, and never moved again, It's estimated that this could help lower costs for manufactured homes by as much as $10,000.

Another provision would allow FHA to underwrite home-rehabilitation (203k) mortgages to include detached Accessory Dwelling Units (ADUs), which could help spur the construction of more such units in places where they are permitted.

The Bipartisan Policy Center has a useful outline of the ROAD Act. While some provisions may be impactful eventually, we wouldn't expect to see much by way of immediate change.


We track important changes to regulations, regulators and the GSEs in our weekly MarketTrends newsletter.

Underwater mortgages, the continuing saga
The last few years have featured considerable increases in home values, and that was generally again the case in 2025, if perhaps less so. While it's too soon to say that home values have peaked overall, that actually may be the case in some areas. In 2025, flagging increases in home values turned more fully south in some markets, most especially in southeastern and southwestern metro areas.

Potential homebuyers would love to see home prices easing, at least a little, while homeowners -- particularly those who bought homes at or near peak price levels -- are hoping for exactly the opposite. If home prices should begin to retreat more broadly, the number of folks who owe more on their mortgages than their homes are worth would increase. Even if not underwater, a loss of equity due to softer home values might make it hard for wanna-be sellers to exit properties without losing money.

Even with tremendous gains in home values over the last few years, the issue of at least some borrowers in some places holding loans in excess of the value of their home persists. Cotality reported that in the third quarter of 2025, the total number of residential properties with negative equity was 1.2 million homes, or 2.2% of all mortgaged properties. The third quarter figure represented a 6.7% increase over the second quarter of 2025, and last year at this time, these figures were 900,000 and 1.8% of all properties underwater. Considering this, the trend isn't especially comforting.

Property prices generally remain well supported, but that's not to say they are rising everywhere. Depending on your preferred gauge, you'll likely find at least some markets with lower values now than was seen last year, especially once you look beyond the top 20 housing markets. For example, the data we use to power our Home Value Tracker shows that 156 of the 410 housing markets covered (~38%) had lower values in the third quarter of this year when compared against the third quarter of 2024. Furthermore, a seasonally-adjusted HPI data set from the Federal Housing Finance Agency showed 45 of the top 100 metros (45%) with lower values in the third quarter of 2025 than they had a year ago.

A comparison using existing home prices in the top 50 metro areas from data provided by the National Association of Realtors revealed that 14 of them (28%) had lower prices in the third quarter of this year than last. Our quarterly affordability analysis based on this data only goes back to 2016, but this is the largest number of metros posting third quarter declines since at least then. According to the NAR, just over 22% of the 230 metro areas the NAR tracks showed year-over-year home prices reductions, too.

So there are signs of cooling in home prices or values to be seen, and the number of places where this is occurring seems to be expanding. In most cases, declines are seen in formerly high-flying metros, such as some Florida and Texas housing markets which may have become a little overvalued.

It is markets such as these that will likely contribute to more homeowners being underwater; fortunately, this happenstance is only likely to affect homeowners who bought at or near recent peaks for prices, and even then, there's no value to actually lose unless the home must be sold. As these would be likely be recent home purchases, fairly new homeowners would be least likely to sell so soon after buying, especially considering the highly competitive market they likely fought through to get a home in the first place. As well, even if it should occur, any temporary value loss should be erased over time, but until then, some of these folks may end up being counted among those homeowners considered to be "underwater".


Home prices have become decidedly more mixed of late, but there are some signs that homebuying activity is stirring a bit. This may help support home values to a better degree than was the case in 2025. Although this may steady things, it doesn't seem likely to improve them very much, and we'll likely see the present elevated level of properties in negative equity positions remain or tick up a bit.

Underwater Mortgage outlook - Mid-year review
The latest data from Cotality as of this update (4Q25) says "The total number of mortgaged residential properties with negative equity increased by 3.6% to 1.2 million homes or 2.2% of all mortgaged properties quarter over quarter," so there was no change in the number of underwater homeowners at the close of the year. We'll have to wait to see what Cotality's first quarter and subsequent data reveals.

Attom data for the first period of 2026 suggests that a bit of deterioration may be seen. Their first quarter update noted that "Nationwide, 3.2 percent of mortgaged residential properties were considered seriously underwater in the first quarter of 2026, meaning the combined estimated balances of loans secured by the properties were at least 25 percent more than the properties’ estimated market value. That was up from 3 percent in the previous quarter and 2.8 percent in the first quarter of 2025." The softening of home values in some areas seems to be pinching some recent homeowners.

Our own analysis of FHFA data says that 117 of the nation's top 410 housing markets saw a quarterly decrease in value in the first quarter of 2026; 45 of these metros also posted consecutive quarterly declines. Just 11 have seen both a latest-quarter decline and a year-over-year decline in value, while only four show reduced value compared to three years ago.

The NAR's first quarter report covering metro home prices showed that of the 235 housing markets they track, 65 markets (28%) had lower median selling prices in the first quarter of 2026 than in the first quarter of 2025, so home price gains are cooling, moreso in some areas than others. If home selling prices don't pick up again, some additional homeowners may find themselves with little or no equity for at least a period of time.


Interested in what's happening with home values? HSH's Home Value Tracker covers home price changes in more than 400 metro areas over five different time periods. As well, you can see what's happened to home prices in your metro area over any time period you like using our Home Value Tracking Tool - MyHVT.

Home Equity / Cash-out refinancing
Even with more markets showing softer home values compared to a year ago, the vast majority of homeowners still have deep or very deep equity stakes. This is true even a place like the San Antonio-New Braunfels, TX metro area, where selling prices of existing homes have been retreating for the last eleven consecutive quarters, according to the National Association of Realtors. Even factoring for this lengthening dip, home values in this market are still almost 23% higher than they were four years ago and still some 3.43% higher than just three years ago. Countering such declines, many smaller and mid-size metro areas are still seeing fairly strong price gains, with high-single-digit annual increases or better seen in places like Binghamton NY, Dover DE, Rockford IL, Great Falls, MT, Odessa TX or Fond du Lac, WI.

While typical homeowners may have a deep equity stake, borrowing that equity hasn't been all that attractive, largely due to high interest rates. Home equity lines of credit are typically priced at about two percentage points above the prime rate, putting HELOC pricing for typical borrowers at about 8.75%, about a three year low, but one that is still roughly equivalent to that seen in late 2008. Still, Federal Reserve data shows that from the second quarter of 2024 through the second quarter of 2025, new home equity lines of credit managed to increase by 9.2%, about $35.309 billion in new borrowing.

While the short-term interest rates that influence HELOCs held firm at a high level over that entire period, they have been lowered in the third and fourth quarter of 2025, and this should spur somewhat more borrowing on HELOCs.

At least compared to where they ended 2024 and began 2025, long-term rates also actually retreated a bit in 2025, increasing the appeal of fixed-rate home equity loans. According to the Fed's Senior Loan Officer Opinion Surveys, demand for home equity loans and lines of credit firmed through 2025, and over the same four-quarter period as above, these installment-type second mortgages managed a 10.6% rise in activity, with $56.751 billion in new originations by homeowners between 2Q24 and 2Q25.

With first mortgage rates likely to ease somewhat, it's certainly possible that some potential equity borrowers will turn to a cash-out refinance to access their equity stake. However, for homeowners with existing mortgage rates in the three and four percent range, this still won't be an especially attractive or viable angle. With market-based interest rates and the Fed-following prime rate likely to be a bit lower again next year, there's a good chance that more homeowners will instead again turn to home equity lines and loans to tap equity.

As we're reckoning for 2026, we think we'll see a 7% increase in origination volume of home equity lines of credit and perhaps an 9% increase in those of home equity loans. Rates still won't be all that attractive, but for most homeowners it will remain more favorable to expose a relatively small dollar amount to them in a draw of home equity via a loan or line than it will be to take a new mortgage with both a higher loan balance and a higher interest rate.

Cash-out Refinancing
At the same time, cash-out refinancing should see a little boost as mortgage rates edge lower, but even in an improved interest rate climate, they won't likely be low enough for most homeowners to want to replace what is likely an existing lower-rate loan with a new one at a higher rate.

Certainly, there can be situations where such an exchange will work. Borrowers with old loans that have very small outstanding balances could be one audience, but there likely aren't many homeowners that will fit this category. Perhaps the primary audience will be borrowers looking to tap equity to spruce up their homes in preparation for a sale in the next year or two. Yes, the new loan's interest rate will likely be higher than their existing loan, and yes, the loan balance will be higher too, but restarting the amortization clock all over again does help ameliorate the impact of these to a degree... and, by comparison, taking out a home equity loan or line of credit instead still brings the potential for a higher monthly payment for the two mortgages combined.

In a short time-frame situation, the long-term effects of higher interest cost don't really come into consideration, as it's more about current cash flow as opposed to long-term costs. As an example:

A homeowner who took a 5.25% 30-year loan back in May 2022 for $300,000 would have a principal and interest payment of $1,657, and by May 2026, will have a remaining loan balance of about $281,240.

A cash-out refinance with a $25,000 equity draw (loan balance $306,240) at 6.25% produces a monthly P&I payment of $1,886, so this would be a $229/month increase.

Taking a home equity loan of $25,000 for 10 years at a rate of 8% brings a monthly payment of $303, so the cash-out refi would cost about $74 per month less than the equity loan (to make the payments roughly equivalent requires a home equity loan rate of about 1.875%).

This is only an example to show what's possible, of course, but it does at least suggest that some homeowners will look to do cash-out refinances in 2026. All that said, refinancing activity overall will remain quite muted -- rate and term refinances will likely be attractive only for recent (e.g. 2023-2024 or perhaps even some 2025 vintage) homebuyers, while cash-out refinances should pick up just a little for existing homeowners who don't have long-term plans to stay in their current home.

In August 2025, ICE Mortgage Technology reported that cash-out refinances accounted for 59% of all refinance transactions in the second quarter. Notably, 70% of those borrowers accepted higher interest rates, averaging a 1.45 percentage point increase, in exchange for tapping an average of $94,000 in home equity. September and October saw homeowners tapping equity with smaller rate and payment increases, as the average cash-out refi raised the rate the homeowner is paying by 0.7%.

According to the Federal Housing Finance Agency, cash-out refinancing through September accounted for about 65% of all refinancing activity at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, up from about 44% to start 2025. To be sure, overall refinancing remains at a pretty low level, making it easier for cash-out refis to make up a larger share of activity, but even so, it does show that the most compelling reason for homeowners to refinance is to extract at least some equity from their homes. In looking at Fannie Mae's quarterly earning presentation, it appears as though Fannie has seen $26 billion in cash-out refinance activity this year, at least through the third quarter. While Freddie Mac didn't break out cash-out refinancing from its totals, we can reckon that the figures are about the same for Freddie, too.

With mortgage rates at the end of 2025 considerably lower than the start of the year, applications for refinance all stripes in mid-December are running more than double the levels they were at in mid-January, and Fannie Mae's Refinance Application-Level Index (RALI) reported that dollar volume in the week ending December 12 is up 66.5 percent compared to the same week last year. Overall refinancing was up for 2025, and there's at least some reason to expect that uptrend to continue next year, likely lifting cash-out refis a bit more yet.


Mortgage rates should spend more time closer to the 6% mark in 2026 than they did in 2025, but there's little reason to expect a surge in cash-out refinancing. Even with recent declines and the modest one we expect to see, the overall trend for mortgage rates is expected to be only somewhat improved, at least compared to the low water marks of the last two years. When such downward dips in rates occur, we'd expect to see a pick up in both traditional and cash-out refinances, but we expect only modest-to-moderate improvement in cash-out refinancing activity for 2026 at best.

Cash-out Refi/HEQ forecast - Mid-year review
Home equity borrowing continued an upward trend through the last quarter of 2025 and the first quarter of 2026. While by no means representing the entirety of the market, home equity loan originations as tracked by the Federal Reserve increased by 6.22% over the last three quarters, a bit lower than the increase we expected. That said, there's still rather a lot of data from this year yet to come.

Borrowing on home equity lines of credit have also stepped higher over the last few quarters, sporting a 6.24% increase of their own between last July and this March. As we expect to see a 7% increase for the year as a whole, we think our forecast remains fairly on track for traditional home equity borrowing.

As far as cash-out refinances go, things have cooled off, not that they were all that warm to begin with. Mortgage rates have been largely rangebound for much of the first half of the year, and rates at attractive levels for refinancing were fleeting at best. Amid diminished activity, Fannie reported a total of $20 billion in cash-out refinances in the fourth quarter of 2025 and the first quarter of 2026; Freddie reported that cash-out refinancing was 8% and 11% of total refinance activity, totaling perhaps another $3.5 billion.

Fannie Mae's RALI shows that tapping equity continue to be a primary reason for refinancing, with cash-out refinancing accounting for 56.2% of refinance applications to start July. At least by Fannie's tally, cash-out refinances are running about 11% ahead of last year's pace.

Although the uptrend of homeowners pulling equity out of there homes seems likely to continue, the current moderate rate of increase is probably all that can be expected over the remainder of 2026, absent a sudden plummet in interest rates, which seems very unlikely.


How much equity might you have in your home today... or in the future? Try our Home Equity Calculator and Projector. You can also learn all about home equity loans and lines in our comprehensive guide.

HECMs / Reverse Mortgages
Still-high interest rates in 2025 didn't only damp activity in forward mortgage markets, they also continued to curtail action in reverse mortgage markets, too. When reverse mortgage rates were low in 2021 and 2022, many homeowners with existing HECMs refinanced, taking advantage of both higher property values (expanding the amount of equity they could access) and increased homeowner ages (same) all with the chance to meaningfully lower the amount of interest these loans would accrue over time, leaving more equity available for the future.

High interest rates in 2025 simply left no reason for most homeowners to bother to refinance their HECMs, and they also continued to damp originations for "traditional" uses, too. From 33,963 in 2023, endorsements for FHA-backed HECMs fell to only 26,501 in HUD's 2024 October 1-September 30 fiscal year, but seem to have staged what appears to be a bit of improvement in FY25 with an estimated 27,864 originations, an increase of about 5.1%. The final tally -- and breakouts by loan purpose (traditional, refinance, HECM for purchase) for a fiscal year is usually released in HUD/FHA's annual report, something that is still forthcoming as of this writing.

As HECM rates were still not especially favorable -- and homebuying conditions still challenging -- even the use of an HECM to purchase a next home was impacted. By our reckoning, the use of an HECM for a home purchase was only about 5.35% of HECM originations in FHA's 2025 fiscal year (at least through June 2025), and there seems little likelihood of a surge in this usage anytime soon.

Although interest rates for HECMs are declining along with other market-based interest rates, they really haven't moved all that much yet. Adjustable HECMs should see their rates trend down along with moves by the Fed, but fixed-rate HECM rates will likely remain as stubbornly high as fixed-rate forward mortgage rates have. Even when they do eventually decline, even as much as a full-point fall will still leave fixed-rate HECM rates around the low to mid 6% range or so.

At least from an interest rate standpoint, there's little reason to expect a significant increase in HECM activity in 2026, although aging and retiring "baby boomers" and high home values should provide some demographic and market-related support.


At least until January 5, 2026, HUD was looking for feedback on the value and future of the HECM program. If you have an interest, you can learn about the questions HUD is looking to answer.

At best, we might see a 4-5% or so increase in HECM endorsements in 2026. With rates high enough as to still discourage refinancing of HECMs, the vast majority of growth will likely come from the "traditional" originations, although there may be a modest pickup in "HECM for purchase" activity.

HECM/Reverse Mortgages outlook - Mid-year review
HUD reported that there were a total of 28,149 HECMs originated in their October-to-September 2025 fiscal year, up slightly from 2024's total. Based upon the average monthly running rate for FY2026, originations of HECMs can be expected to slow, dropping roughly back to 2024 levels if the present trend continues.

Even though the minimum age to be able to obtain an HECM is 62 years of age, HUD reports that the average age for a homeowner taking a HECM continues to increase, rising to 75 years of age in FY25. It may be that the strong performance in stock markets in recent years is allowing borrowers to delay extracting equity from their homes.

To the extent that this is the case, and given the relatively high level of interest rates, it may be that HECM originations may only be able to match FY25's total at best -- that is, essentially zero growth.


You can learn more about reverse mortgages and see average reverse mortgage/HECM rates.

Home prices
Existing home prices
In 2025, increases in existing home prices mellowed after years of outsize increases. While we do expect some pick up in sales of existing homes next year, it will probably come in the context of a fairly flat price-increase trajectory. While price increases for existing homes won't likely be significant, the price level for them already is, so even lesser percentage rise can still have considerable effect in terms of dollars.

A modest firming in existing home sales during the fall of 2025 lessened the typical seasonal decline in home prices in terms of breadth, although discounting appears to have been slightly deeper in markets where it took place. For 2025, 30 of the nation's top 50 housing markets saw lower home prices in the third quarter compared to the second, down from 32 in the same comparison for 2024. For places that showed a decline, the average fall in cost this year was about 2.2%; for the same period a year ago, it was 2.08%. As such, relative "bargains" in the existing home market are only somewhat easier to come by this year, and this seems likely to be the case for the fourth quarter, too.

More modest seasonal reductions in existing home prices means that they will likely start 2026 better supported than they might normally be, even with a still-slack pace for sales.

As far as annual seasonality in prices goes, and in looking over the past few years, June 2023's high-water mark of $413,800 was followed by an 8.5% decline by the following January (2024), a month that is often the nadir for home prices each year. Following that, the June 2024 peak of $426,900 was whittled down by 7.85% to $393,400 by January 2025. If we then work from the June 2025 new record high median existing home price of $432,700, even matching last year's decline of 7.85% by January 2026 would still leave the median price $398,700 -- about $5,000 more to start 2026 than 2025. Given the recent trend for prices, 2025's full seasonal decline seems likely to total less than the 7.85% of 2024.

Once at their seasonal bottom -- and if prices do match 2024's 7.85% slide from peak -- the question is "Will prices then manage the 8.52% rise just to return to 2025's peak value?" It's quite possible; beginning from what will likely be a higher plane to start 2026, it would take smaller percentage gains in prices to lift the dollar amount back to a new record high by June 2026.

For example, the month-to-month average gain for the January 2025 seasonal low to reach the June 2025 seasonal high was about 1.92%; for our expected $398,700 bottom in January 2026 to match the $432,700 record high seen in June 2025, it would only require average monthly increases of 1.65%, so this does seem like a possibility.

While year-over-year comparisons for prices are somewhat more favorable to homebuyers -- 14 of the top 50 metros saw lower median selling prices for existing homes compared to the third quarter of 2024 -- the decline in price is also shallower this year than last, as there was only a 1.15% decline in median home prices in the 2025 reference compared to -1.76% in 2024.

With more homes now available on the market to buy, and with mortgage rates at least as good as they have been over the last few years, some longer-dated homeowners with a deep equity stake may be able to make a move to a new home with less effect on their new monthly payment. As such, the "lock-in" effect that has plagued the market over the last few years may be lessened somewhat in 2026.

New record high or not, the upward trajectory for existing home prices seems likely to follow this year's arc; still rising, but at a slower pace, and one that may be at or below the inflation rate. For the year, somewhat lower mortgage rates should support somewhat more sales, but somewhat more inventory coming up for sale should help temper price gains somewhat. Although the majority of metro areas should continue to post price gains in 2026 those gains will likely be more uneven, and the number of markets where prices are cooling from recent peak levels will likely increase. Even as the prospect of a yet another record high for median selling prices is pretty good for 2026, we expect to see an overall average increase of perhaps 2% to 2.5% on a year-over-year basis by the time all is said and done.

New home prices
Improved supply chains, lower lumber prices and worker shortages that partially healed after pandemic distortions allowed prices of new homes to come down from their record high levels of a couple of years ago. That's not to say that those issues have gone away; they haven't, but are less impactful now than then. For potential new-home buyers, perhaps more important is that since those days, builders have been using price cuts and financing incentives to help keep homes selling.

The median price of a new home sold has been quite competitive with median existing home prices, and in August 2025, the median cost of a new home sold was $413,500 versus $422,400 for an existing home. Where prices of existing homes have been sticky and stubbornly high, those for new homes dropped from October 2022's peak of $460,300 to as low as November 2024's $397,600. and they've only increased modestly since then (by about 4%) through August 2025. (Note: we'd prefer to be providing comparisons from more recent data but due to the government shutdown, it isn't yet available). Even with the increase from November 2024's recent low, new home prices are still some 10.2% below where they were two years ago.

The new construction market hasn't and doesn't suffer from the same kind of supply issues as does the existing home market. In fact, the supply of new homes available to buy is very good at the moment, averaging close to 9 months of supply at the typical sales pace in 2025. In addition, the number of actual new homes available to buy continues to rise; although the number has declined somewhat later in 2025, the current (August 2025) 490,000 annualized units available to buy remains close to a 17-year high.

While this is good news for potential homebuyers, it doesn't mean that new homes are a substitute for a better-balanced existing home market. It also seems likely that prices for new homes won't decline much more from present levels, if at all. Prior to the pandemic, median new home prices routinely ran in the $320,000 - $340,000 range; the last time we saw this comparatively moderate price level was more than five years ago in August 2020, and there's been a pretty permanent increase in the price level for everything since then.

For homebuilders, the price easing in materials from post-pandemic supply-chain improvement is likely mostly complete. That said, many home building materials are sourced from outside the U.S., and tariffs have increased the costs of goods needed to construct and complete new homes. As well, builders have struggled with a dearth of skilled labor for some time, and changes to immigration procedures could affect the supply of both skilled and unskilled laborers needed to keep construction happening. This will also create some upward pressure on new home prices in 2026.

As noted above, home builders have been using price cuts to help bolster sales, and in December 2025 the National Association of Home Builders reported that about 40% of their members are reducing selling prices by amounts averaging 5%. They have also been using other deal-sweeteners such as financing subsidies. Collectively, 67% reported using some forms of incentives to help move homes in December, the highest percentage since the pandemic.

While there will be typical fluctuations in seasonal demand that influence new home prices, we think that the overall trend for them for 2026 will be somewhat firmer compared to where we are at the moment. When comparing the average for all of 2026 against all of 2025, we may end up seeing a slight increase of perhaps 1.5% - 2.5% for the year. As such, new home prices should continue to be highly competitive with those of existing homes.


With the basic costs for building homes likely to be higher next year, these promotions and offers will be important in keeping price increases damped and sales humming.

Home Prices forecast - Mid-year review
Price increases for existing homes have so far been more muted than expected this year, at least in the national aggregate. On an annual comparison, existing home prices were just 1.8% higher in June this year compared to the same period in 2025.

Looking over the past few quarters, typical seasonal declines in home values were somewhat more widespread. Of the top 50 metro housing markets, 43 posted lower prices in the fourth quarter of 2025 as compared to the third quarter, and 31 had lower prices in the first quarter of 2026 compared to the final stanza of 2025. This was up from 40 and 30 respectively in the 4Q24/1Q25 periods.

When we wrote this Outlook in December using third quarter data, 14 metro areas had lower home selling prices than they did one year ago. That same number was repeated in the fourth quarter and again in the first quarter, so a consistent 28% of metros has seen at least gradually declining home prices. While these aren't always the same metro areas, some are, including Dallas, Houston and Austin in TX, Denver CO, Sacramento CA, Raleigh NC and others, such as Jacksonville, FL where the sequence of year-over-year comparison over the last five quarters is 0, -2.94%, -0.35%, -4% and zero again.

Nationally, existing home prices hit a new record high in June, posting a 2.18% increase over May to land at $440,600 for the month. This figure is 1.8% higher that the previous record high (June 2025), and three of the last four months have seen annual increases of 1.5% or more.

Despite the recent (and probably seasonal) firmness in home prices, existing home prices seem to be trending a little below our expected 2% to 2.5% increase for the year, overall.

New home prices
We expected to see "some upward pressure" on new home prices in 2026, and so far, there actually have been more declines than not, at least when comparing the first five months of 2026 against the first five months of 2025. On average, the first five months of 2026 have seen new home prices be an average of 1.59% below the same five month period in 2025. But this may be starting to change.


The median selling price for a newly-constructed home in May was $424,900, just 0.02% below it's May 2025 level, and April was 0.7% higher than the same period one year ago, so the falling-price trend may have been both weather and seasonally-related.

A very sluggish pace for sales has seen builders pushing more price cuts to try to help move homes. The National Association of Home Builders recently reported that "35% of builders cut prices in June, up from 32% in May. The average price reduction remained at 6% in June, same as May. {Builder] use of sales incentives was 62% in June, up 1% from May, the 15th consecutive month this share has reached 60% or higher."

Builders appear to be absorbing higher input costs, but this of course has limits. Still, it seems quite likely that such discounting will continue, as inventory levels of new home available to buy have been well above optimal levels -- the thinnest that have been so far this year is 8.7 months of supply at the given rate of sale; in May, this inventory-to-sales figure ballooned to 10.3 months, where ix months supply is the preferred level.

Will we see the modest upward pressure for new home prices we expected back in December? We still think so.


You can reckon what's happened to the value of your home since you've owned it using our MyHPI tool.

Existing home sales
The housing market is slowly changing -- normalizing, if you will. There is plenty of pent-up desire for homeownership, if not actual pent-up demand, as potential homebuyers have been discouraged by high mortgage rates and high home prices. Of late, a more concerning job outlook has also likely also added to the cautious buying atmosphere.

But there's some brightness to be seen on the horizon, and it's somewhat more than a faint glow. Unlike the extraordinarily tight conditions of recent years, the number of homes for sale has improved considerably; by the National Association of Realtors monthly inventory-to-sales ratio, the number of homes for sale in 2025 has routinely been the "thickest" it has been since perhaps mid-2016, the last time a string of 4.4 months to 4.7 months of supply figures were seen.

To be fair, the market isn't exactly glutted with houses. Back in the mid part of the last decade, existing home sales were running at a pace about 1.5 million higher than now, but supply and demand are relative to one another. However, by this measure, there are more homes on the market for potential homebuyers to consider, and sellers in some markets are somewhat more motivated, too. More homes for sale amid a still-slack sales pace also means that buyers have additional time to make a more considered decision, and the "time on market" metric from the NAR has moved up to 34 days in October 2025, five more than in October 2024.

More homes for sale is helpful, but only if the right mix of homes comes onto the market. For example, adding more move-up and luxury inventory into a market that really needs more available starter or trade-down homes would see inventory levels rise but see no commensurate rise in sales.

Still, more inventory for sale in a market overall will tend to help to stabilize home prices, or at least help to limit their upside, in turn helping rising incomes to catch up a little. This doesn't mean there will be outright bargains available, at least not in most major metro areas; rather, there will likely be some modest improvement in affordability overall.

The affordability improvement should be helped by mortgage rates closer to their lows of recent years than highs, and mortgage rates will likely start 2026 some three-quarters of a percentage point below where they began 2025. We've already seen a modest pickup in sales of existing homes in the waning months of 2025 from mortgage rates in the low sixes, and if our expectations for mortgage rates should turn out to be correct, we'll likely see some "5 handles" for them at some point next year. Rates below that 6% mark would be a pretty strong signal that it's time for more potential homebuyers to jump into the market if they can.

For sellers, lower mortgage rates should help to lessen the so-called "lock-in" effect that's kept some folks from selling homes. It may have been the case for some while now that existing homeowners couldn't qualify for a new, likely larger mortgage amount with an interest rate that would be double what they are currently paying, and so couldn't actually afford to move. A narrower gap between old rate and new, coupled with a deep equity position and perhaps home suitable homes to move to (at more tolerable prices) may be enough as to see somewhat more homes get put up for sale, helping the market to become less frozen than it has been for some time.

In almost any market, there are always some sellers who are motivated to move -- folks relocating for work, moving for family reasons, retiring from high-cost markets to lower cost ones, etc. In recent years, there have been somewhat fewer of these folks than might be typical, but improved opportunities this year may see somewhat more of them put homes into the market this coming year. If existing home prices continue to show signs of passing peak levels in more areas, this may also be a signal that it's time to act.


Somewhat improved demand and somewhat improved supply amid somewhat improved financing conditions seems likely to produce somewhat improved existing home sales for 2026. The peak annualized monthly run rate for existing home sales in 2025 was 4.27 million; the low mark, 3.93 million. With a likely final run rate of 4.05 million for 2025, we think that existing home sales will likely build on this to some degree in 2026, but probably only modestly so. Looking ahead, we think that existing home sales should be able to increase by perhaps 3% to 3.5% in 2026, probably ending up with a 4.19 million annualized rate when all is said and done. Sales may do slightly better than this if mortgage rates can manage to hold in the 5s for a reasonable period of time.

Existing home sales forecast - Mid-year review
It would be hard to characterize existing home sales any better than "lacking traction". Over the first six months of 2026, the average sales rate is running at a 4.08 million annualized pace, a touch softer than the average rate for the final six months of 2025, although modestly above the comparable first six months of 2025 (4.06 million average pace).

Despite a lack of improvement in overall conditions, there's a reason to expect at least a modest pickup in existing home sales in the near term. The National Association of Realtors Pending Home Sales Index (PHSI) has stepped higher in each of the last four months, with May posting a 3.8% increase all its own. This measure of signed contracts presages existing home sales by about two months, so despite the deceleration in sales for June prospects are still good for some improvement in sales for July and perhaps August.

Existing home sales activity in the first half of the year suggests that we may not see the 3% to 3.5% increase we expected back in December, as mortgage rates turned less supportive than we had hoped. Still, it would take only a few months of improved sales over the next six months -- about a 2.5% increase in total -- to reach the 4.19 million pace we called for at the end of last year, so we think the chances of a successful forecast are still pretty good.


Wondering how much home your income and debts will allow you to buy? HSH's Home Affordability Calculator can help you get a handle on your home purchasing power.

New home sales
Despite a less-strong-than-hoped pace of new home sales in 2025, the prospect for gains in 2026 remain good. Although supply in the existing home market has been improving, availability, price and affordability yet remain a challenge. For its part, new construction is competing effectively against those conditions, at least in markets where both new construction and existing homes are viable options for homebuyers.

While by no means a straight upward line on a graph, sales of new homes remain in a long recovery that has now stretched for nearly 15 years. Way back in February 2011, in the midst of the housing collapse and Great Recession, new home sales bottomed at just 270,000 annualized units sold, but present sales levels are very consistent with those seen before the pandemic. At that time, the housing market was approaching something close to normal, or at least as normal as it had been since before the mid-aught's housing boom and bust.

Positive demand dynamics for new housing remain in place, and while cost and labor inputs remain an issue, lower mortgage rates and waning tariff effects seem to be starting to again lift homebuilder spirits somewhat. That said, by the NAHB's Housing Market Index it remains quite subpar, if improved from 2025's worst levels. Muted optimism has seen homebuilders putting up relatively fewer homes than in recent years, and the 890,000 pace for single-family construction in August was the slowest pace in over a year (more recent data isn't yet available).

Construction has slowed due to headwinds, and for much of 2025, builders have had plenty of supply to try to move. By the standard inventory-to-sales ratio method, there has been an average 8.9 months of supply at the present rate of sale through the first eight months of this year. That's a bit more than is optimal and doesn't require any ramp-up in new construction to meet demand.

Lower mortgage rates will play a role in spurring sales of new homes, but only to a degree. In an odd bit of symmetry, average 30-year FRM rates for 2024 were 6.72%, nine basis points lower than in 2023. With just a few weeks left in 2025, 30-year FRMs for the year are averaging 6.63%, down nine basis points from 2024. Perhaps more important is that they will begin 2026 substantially lower than they started 2025, and that may cause a few more folks to consider a newly-constructed home.

With a fair bit of inventory to move already, home builders have been offering financing incentives (subsidizing interest rates temporarily or even permanently) and cutting margins to keep prices down. Unlike existing home prices, which have set new peak highs routinely over the past few years, costs for a brand-new home peaked back in October 2022, and at least through August were running about 10% below that peak level. This has made new home prices very competitive with existing home prices (and even below them at times). The ability to get a brand-new home for the same cost (or less) than a previously-occupied one -- and possibly with a below market mortgage rate -- means there are at least some potential borrowers who will consider a newly-constructed home as an option to meet their housing needs, even if it may not be a perfect fit or substitute for an existing home in a different location.

Much new development takes place outside or on the fringes of major metropolitan areas; admittedly, that's less of a concern when someone can work remotely. As companies continue to shift work-from-home policies back to return-to-office ones, the prospect of a longer commutes to work from a new home may again be emerging as a consideration in a buying decision. Still, and even with drawbacks, the chance to actually buy a home at all may be compelling for buyers who have been shut out of the existing home market for as long as a few years now.



A combination of lower mortgage rates and continued builder incentives should serve to help lift sales of new homes in 2026. Seasonal and monthly swings aside, buyer demand should pick up from present annualized levels, at least somewhat. With this as a backdrop, sales of new homes in 2026 will probably post a gain of 2% to 3% over 2025, managing perhaps a 693,000 to 700,000 level for the year as a whole.

New home sales forecast - Mid-year review
New home sales have been quite lackluster so far in 2026. While wicked winter weather and the outbreak of military conflict in the middle east likely damped sales in the early months of the year, they were moving in a positive direction until April. Since then, sales stepped back, and May brought a sharp decline to an annual sales pace of just 580,000, a January-like rate of new home sales in the middle of the spring homebuying season.

While there is no doubt that demand is soft at the moment, it may be that this isn't solely due to potential homebuyers standing on the sidelines, but also due to improved inventory conditions and relative affordability improvement in the existing home market. For a time, there was virtually nothing to buy at any realistic price in the existing home space, but this has changed to some degree over the last while, so the relatively few active homebuyers in the market may have less reason to consider new construction than they did.

From present levels, it will take a surge for new home sales to reach our forecast target, but it's not impossible. Buying conditions during the last half of last year were little better than now, and the annualized sales pace for the last seven months of 2025 was exactly the 693,000 we forecast. Still, it does seem that sales will fall short of our mark, so we're nearly ready to call this forecast a miss, at least at this point.

Additional thoughts
Each year, there are always other things worth considering, so here are a few thoughts on other housing-related items for 2026.

As the tax deduction for mortgage insurance premiums was (finally!) made permanent as part of the "Big Beautiful Bill" this year (starts with tax year 2026), perhaps 2026 will be the year there is some movement on updating the capital gains exclusion for home sales.

Two bills (H.R. 1340 and H.R. 4327) looking to address this issue were introduced back in February and July 2025 respectively, but have seen no movement since.

In 1997 when the current $250,000 (individual) and $500,000 (joint) exclusions were put in place, these figures were pretty generous. By way of reference, the conforming loan limit for 1997 was $214,600; it is now nearly four times that amount. Like many provisions in the tax code, the present exclusion limits were never indexed for inflation; if they were, the $250,000 single exclusion would now be $509,305 and the $500,000 joint version, $1,108,611 -- more than double where they currently stand.

Given the large rise in home values in recent years, longer-tenured homeowners could face large tax bills should they sell their homes. Scaling up the tax break a bit -- or doing so for a limited time window -- might help some folks consider putting their homes on the market in order to capture the tax break. Although inventories of homes for sale aren't as thin as they have been in recent years (at least in the national aggregate), there are plenty of higher-cost markets where there has been little improvement in the number of homes for sale. As such, recasting the capital gains exception might be a way to add some additional supply to the existing home market in the near term.

Even a change that might allow for something as creative as a one-off, split-the-difference-between-the-old and-new-deduction with a potential buyer to lower a home's price (or to buy down the potential borrower's mortgage rate) might give homeowners and homebuyers both a way to benefit from an update to the tax code.

With affordability getting more attention again, we'll re-state an entry from our 2025 Outlook: Given skyrocketing premium costs, perhaps some consideration might be given toward tax credits or deductions for premiums paid for homeowner's hazard insurance. Even a partial write off would help lower costs for homeowners, and could come with an income-limit, property-value or other thresholds to allay concerns about favoring wealthy homeowners.


As always, and despite known and yet-unknown challenges, we hope for the best in the coming year. Here's wishing you a healthy, prosperous and peaceful 2026.

Additional Thoughts - Mid-year review
There's been no movement on either of the home sales capital gains tax reform bills mentioned above, but with mid-term elections coming soon, pocketbook issues often get some play, so there's still a chance for either measure to be moved along.

As far as the deductibility of homeowners insurance premiums goes, S.35 (the Homeowners Premium Tax Reduction Act) was introduced into the Senate way back in January 2025... but the only action taken was to have it read and moved to the Committee on Finance. Given the long time passage since then, action seems unlikely anytime soon. Perhaps the next Congress will take up these initiatives, but we're not holding out any great hope.

HSH.com
PRESS ROOMABOUT USCONTACT USADVERTISE WITH USPRIVACY POLICYTERMS OF USELICENSING DISCLOSURESITEMAPCALIFORNIA - DO NOT SELL MY INFO
Get free expert housing market updates in your inbox
EMAIL ADDRESS
By signing up, you agree to receive mortgage and housing market updates and further agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Copyright © 2026 HSH ® Associates, Financial Publishers - HSH.com. All Rights Reserved.
This site uses technologies like cookies and pixels for analytics and targeted advertising by us or our partners. By using this site you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

✕
DuckDuckGo
USITC

Protection. Privacy. Peace of mind.Open menu
 All
Images
Videos
News

Search Assist
Duck.ai
Search Settings

Private



More Images
United States International Trade Commission
Government agency
usitc.gov
The United States International Trade Commission is an agency of the United States federal government that advises the legislative and executive branches on matters of trade. It was created by Congress in 1916 as the U.S. Tariff Commission. It changed to its current name in 1974. It is an independent, bipartisan entity that analyzes trade issues such as tariffs and competitiveness and publishes reports Continued in Wikipedia
Source: Wikipedia
Was this helpful?




United States International Trade Commission

https://www.usitc.gov

Home | United States International Trade Commission
The United States International Trade Commission is an independent, nonpartisan, quasi-judicial federal agency that fulfills a range of trade-related mandates. We provide high-quality, leading-edge analysis of international trade issues to the President and the Congress. The Commission is a highly regarded forum for the adjudication of intellectual property and trade disputes.
About USITC
About USITC - Home | United States International Trade Commission

HTS
The Harmonized Tariff Schedule provides detailed tariff rates and statistical categories for merchandise imported into the United States.

DataWeb
DataWeb U.S. Trade & Tariff Data The USITC DataWeb provides public access to the official U.S. import and export statistics of the U.S. Department of Commerce in a user-friendly web interface. Using the DataWeb querying tool, users can build custom queries and access these data in a spreadsheet or a web-based format.

News
News - Home | United States International Trade Commission

Calendar
Calendar - Home | United States International Trade Commission

Commission Meeting Notices
Commission Meeting Notices - Home | United States International Trade Commission




Harmonized Tariff Schedule Search

https://hts.usitc.gov

Harmonized Tariff Schedule
The Harmonized Tariff Schedule provides detailed tariff rates and statistical categories for merchandise imported into the United States.



United States International Trade Commission

https://www.usitc.gov › offices

USITC Offices - United States International Trade Commission
The United States International Trade Commission is an independent, nonpartisan, quasi-judicial federal agency that fulfills a range of trade-related mandates. We provide high-quality, leading-edge analysis of international trade issues to the President and the Congress. The Commission is a highly regarded forum for the adjudication of intellectual property and trade disputes.



Harmonized Tariff Schedule Search

https://hts.usitc.gov › search

Harmonized Tariff Schedule - United States International Trade Commission
The Harmonized Tariff Schedule provides tariff rates and statistical categories for merchandise imported into the United States, based on the international Harmonized System.



Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › United_States_International_Trade_Commission

United States International Trade Commission - Wikipedia
The USITC advises and supports the executive and legislative branches on matters of trade, such as tariffs, competitiveness, and unfair practices. It also conducts investigations, hearings, and exclusion orders on imports that harm US industries.



USA Gov

https://www.usa.gov › agencies › u-s-international-trade-commission

U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) | USAGov
The International Trade Commission (USITC) investigates whether or not, and to what extent, an unfair trade practice harms U.S. businesses. When unfair trade practices are found to harm U.S. businesses, the Commission may implement corrective measures. The Commission also provides the President and Congress impartial information on international trade to inform trade policy.



DataWeb

https://dataweb.usitc.gov › tariff › database

Tariff Database | DataWeb
Aug 23, 2026USITC Tariff Database Tariff data current through August 23, 2026. This site has data for individual tariff lines. Enter either the first part of an HTS category number up to 8 digits — e.g., "8501" or "850110", or any part of a product description — e.g., "bovine", or "articho" (without the "quotes").



USITC - EDIS

https://edis.usitc.gov

Home [edis.usitc.gov]
Welcome to EDIS - the repository for all documents filed in relation to an investigation conducted by the United States International Trade Commission.



DataWeb

https://dataweb.usitc.gov › tariff

Tariff | DataWeb
Tariff Get past, current, and future U.S. tariff rates in multiple formats. HTS Search The external HTS system provides the user with the ability to search the HTS database, view entire (or sections of) HTS releases, and export the HTS data in various consumable formats. Tariff Database U.S. Tariff and Trade Data for specific products. This site includes planned staged tariff reductions (where ...



LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com › company › u.s.-international-trade-commission

U.S. International Trade Commission - LinkedIn
U.S. International Trade Commission | 9,936 followers on LinkedIn. The United States International Trade Commission (USITC) is an independent, quasijudicial federal agency with broad investigative ...
Generate answer for USITC


Search Assist
Searches related to USITC

usitc official website​
usitc login portal​
usitc harmonized tariff schedule​
usitc dataweb database​
usitc dataweb​
usitc data​
usitc oig​
usitc address​
edis usitc​
usitc ids​
Was this helpful?

More results
Close menu
Search
Homepage
Themes
Settings
Share Feedback


Downloads
iOS Browser
Android Browser
Mac Browser
Windows Browser
Browser Extensions
More From DuckDuckGo

Upgrade to our Private Browser

Fast. Secure. Free.

Download Browser
DuckDuckGo Subscription
Duck.ai
Email Protection
Newsletter
Blog
Podcast
Collaborations
Learn More
What’s New
Compare Privacy
About Our Browser
About DuckDuckGo
Other Resources
Help
Community
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Press Kit
Advertise on Search
Get Our Windows Browser
Protect your data as you search, browse, and use AI.

Download
Learn More
What's New
About Browser
Compare Privacy
Help Pages
Get More
Subscription
Email Protection
Podcast & Newsletter
Collaborations
Share Feedback

DuckDuckGo
USITC

Protection. Privacy. Peace of mind.Open menu
 All
Images
Videos
News

Search Assist
Duck.ai
Search Settings

Private



More Images
United States International Trade Commission
Government agency
usitc.gov
The United States International Trade Commission is an agency of the United States federal government that advises the legislative and executive branches on matters of trade. It was created by Congress in 1916 as the U.S. Tariff Commission. It changed to its current name in 1974. It is an independent, bipartisan entity that analyzes trade issues such as tariffs and competitiveness and publishes reports Continued in Wikipedia
Source: Wikipedia
Was this helpful?




United States International Trade Commission

https://www.usitc.gov

Home | United States International Trade Commission
The United States International Trade Commission is an independent, nonpartisan, quasi-judicial federal agency that fulfills a range of trade-related mandates. We provide high-quality, leading-edge analysis of international trade issues to the President and the Congress. The Commission is a highly regarded forum for the adjudication of intellectual property and trade disputes.
HTS
The Harmonized Tariff Schedule provides detailed tariff rates and statistical categories for merchandise imported into the United States.

DataWeb
DataWeb U.S. Trade & Tariff Data The USITC DataWeb provides public access to the official U.S. import and export statistics of the U.S. Department of Commerce in a user-friendly web interface. Using the DataWeb querying tool, users can build custom queries and access these data in a spreadsheet or a web-based format.

News
News - Home | United States International Trade Commission

Calendar
Calendar - Home | United States International Trade Commission

Commission Meeting Notices
Commission Meeting Notices - Home | United States International Trade Commission

Electronic Document Information System (EDIS)
Welcome to EDIS - the repository for all documents filed in relation to an investigation conducted by the United States International Trade Commission.




Harmonized Tariff Schedule Search

https://hts.usitc.gov

Harmonized Tariff Schedule
The Harmonized Tariff Schedule provides detailed tariff rates and statistical categories for merchandise imported into the United States.



United States International Trade Commission

https://www.usitc.gov › offices

USITC Offices - United States International Trade Commission
The United States International Trade Commission is an independent, nonpartisan, quasi-judicial federal agency that fulfills a range of trade-related mandates. We provide high-quality, leading-edge analysis of international trade issues to the President and the Congress. The Commission is a highly regarded forum for the adjudication of intellectual property and trade disputes.



Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › United_States_International_Trade_Commission

United States International Trade Commission - Wikipedia
The USITC advises and supports the executive and legislative branches on matters of trade, such as tariffs, competitiveness, and unfair practices. It also conducts investigations, hearings, and exclusion orders on imports that harm US industries.



Harmonized Tariff Schedule Search

https://hts.usitc.gov › search

Harmonized Tariff Schedule - United States International Trade Commission
The Harmonized Tariff Schedule provides tariff rates and statistical categories for merchandise imported into the United States, based on the international Harmonized System.



USA Gov

https://www.usa.gov › agencies › u-s-international-trade-commission

U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) | USAGov
The International Trade Commission (USITC) investigates whether or not, and to what extent, an unfair trade practice harms U.S. businesses. When unfair trade practices are found to harm U.S. businesses, the Commission may implement corrective measures. The Commission also provides the President and Congress impartial information on international trade to inform trade policy.



DataWeb

https://dataweb.usitc.gov › tariff › database

Tariff Database | DataWeb
Aug 23, 2026USITC Tariff Database Tariff data current through August 23, 2026. This site has data for individual tariff lines. Enter either the first part of an HTS category number up to 8 digits — e.g., "8501" or "850110", or any part of a product description — e.g., "bovine", or "articho" (without the "quotes").



USITC - EDIS

https://edis.usitc.gov

Home [edis.usitc.gov]
Welcome to EDIS - the repository for all documents filed in relation to an investigation conducted by the United States International Trade Commission.



DataWeb

https://dataweb.usitc.gov › tariff

Tariff | DataWeb
Tariff Get past, current, and future U.S. tariff rates in multiple formats. HTS Search The external HTS system provides the user with the ability to search the HTS database, view entire (or sections of) HTS releases, and export the HTS data in various consumable formats. Tariff Database U.S. Tariff and Trade Data for specific products. This site includes planned staged tariff reductions (where ...



usitcoig.oversight.gov

https://usitcoig.oversight.gov › about › about-oig

About the OIG | U.S. International Trade Commission OIG
The USITC OIG is an independent office that provides objective oversight of the USITC programs and operations. The OIG conducts audits, evaluations, reviews, investigations, and reports to the Commission, Congress, and other stakeholders.
Videos for USITC

4:17

'It's like starting a soccer game with 6 players': Sen. Ron Wyden emphasizes importance of having the USITC fully staffed
2mo

MSN


5:27

'What would you do if you see the threat?': Ron Wyden presses USITC nominees on preventive action in Senate hearing
2mo

MSN


27:04

USITC 2024 How to Export to the U.S. with USITC HTS Statistical Data (Step-by-Step Tutorial)
2yr
279 views

YouTube


4:40

'I can commit to that': Trump's USITC nominees vow to be independent, non-partisan in Senate hearing
2mo

MSN


5:50

'What is your read of those statutory factors?': Catherine Cortez Masto presses USITC nominees on their definition of 'public interest'
2mo

MSN


5:55

Catherine Cortez Masto Presses USITC Nominees On Their Definition Of 'Public Interest'
2mo
253 views

YouTube


5:03

'You'll Be Hearing From Me': Thom Tillis Sends Stern Message To Trump's USITC Nominees
2mo
2.2K views

YouTube


15:45

USITC Offers Tariff Rate Quota on Quartz-Surface Imports
4mo
25 views

YouTube


56:30

2026 USTC International Admissions Info Session | School of Information Science and Technology
8mo
419 views

YouTube


0:45

The New Investigation Into Chinese Biotech Isn't About Spying
2mo
6 views

YouTube

More Videos

More Videos
Was this helpful?

Generate answer for USITC


Search Assist
Searches related to USITC

usitc official website​
usitc login portal​
usitc harmonized tariff schedule​
usitc dataweb database​
usitc dataweb​
usitc data​
usitc oig​
usitc address​
edis usitc​
usitc ids​
Was this helpful?

More results
Close menu
Search
Homepage
Themes
Settings
Share Feedback


Downloads
iOS Browser
Android Browser
Mac Browser
Windows Browser
Browser Extensions
More From DuckDuckGo

Upgrade to our Private Browser

Fast. Secure. Free.

Download Browser
DuckDuckGo Subscription
Duck.ai
Email Protection
Newsletter
Blog
Podcast
Collaborations
Learn More
What’s New
Compare Privacy
About Our Browser
About DuckDuckGo
Other Resources
Help
Community
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Press Kit
Advertise on Search
Introducing DuckDuckGo Collaborations
Expertly crafted products for people who give a duck about privacy.

See More
Learn More
What's New
About Browser
Compare Privacy
Help Pages
Get More
Subscription
Email Protection
Podcast & Newsletter
Collaborations
Share Feedback

Skip to main content
City and County of San Francisco
SF.gov
Services

Departments

Jobs
Contact

English

Search
Search

Report

HSH Procurement Opportunities
Homelessness and Supportive Housing
Opportunities for organizations to contract with the Department of Homelessness and Supportive Housing (HSH). This includes providing support services, shelter, and housing to people experiencing homelessness.
On this page
Request for Qualifications #157 Professional Consulting Services
Request for Proposal #156: PWLE Engagement
Request for Qualifications #155: Scattered Sites Housing Programs (SSHP)
Request for Proposals #154: Transitional Housing Programs for Transitional Age Youth
Sample Agreements
Procurement Archives
Latest updates on HSH's new Multi-year Reprocurement Plan, visit Transforming the City’s Homelessness Response System: Multi‑Year Reprocurement Plan.
To receive courtesy procurement notifications from HSH, fill out the Procurement Interest Form.
To learn more about submitting proposals for HSH procurements review our Box Proposal Submission Instructions.
Request for Qualifications #157 Professional Consulting Services
The City and County of San Francisco (City) Department of Homelessness and Supportive Housing (HSH) invites Proposals from qualified Proposers to provide evaluation for Just Home Project and Housing, Expungement, and Recovery through Treatment and Support Services (HEARTSS) Project and establish a prequalified pool of eligible proposers to provide professional consulting services for strategic planning, stakeholder community and engagement, and departmental organizational development.

Schedule
RFQ Issued: February 19, 2026
Deadline for Written Questions: March 4, 2026
Answers and Clarifications Published: March 12, 2026
Deadline to Submit Proposals: March 30, 2026 via RFQ #157 Submission
Oral Presentation/Interview: May 6, 2026
Notice of Intent to Award: May 18, 2026
Agreement Commence: August 1, 2026
Procurement Lead: Rachel Garcia hshprocurements@sfgov.org
Questions and Communications
From the date this Solicitation is issued until the date the competitive process of this Solicitation is completed (either by cancelation or award), Applicants and their subcontractors, vendors, representatives and/or other parties under Applicant’s control, shall communicate solely with the Procurement Lead whose name appears in this Solicitation. Any attempt to communicate with any party other than the Contact whose name appears in this Solicitation, including any City official, representative or employee, is strictly prohibited. Failure to comply with this communications protocol may, at the sole discretion of the City, result in the disqualification of the Applicant or potential Applicant from the competitive process. This protocol does not apply to communications with the City regarding business that is unrelated to this Solicitation.

Documents
RFQ #157 Professional Consulting Services
RFQ #157 Addendum 1
RFQ #157 Addendum 2
RFQ #157 Answers and Clarifications
Appendices

Appendix 1a - Application Template - Just Home
Appendix 1b - Application Template - HEARTSS
Appendix 1c - Application Template- General Consulting REVISED 3-2-26
Appendix 2a - Budget Proposal - Just Home
Appendix 2b - Budget Proposal - HEARTSS
Attachments
Attachment 1 - City's Proposed Contract Terms
Attachment 2 - HCAO and MCO Declaration Forms
Attachment 3 - First Source Hiring Form
Attachment 4 - Draft Just Home Evaluation Plan
Attachment 5 - HEARTTSS Local Evaluation Plan
Submission
Follow this link: RFQ #157 Box Submission for the RFQ submission form, see section VII.D Time and Place for Submission of Proposals for more information on submitting your proposal. For further instructions on using the form see “Box Proposal Submission Instructions” guide at the top of this page.

Request for Proposal #156: PWLE Engagement
The City and County of San Francisco Department of Homelessness and Supportive Housing (HSH) is pleased to announce the release of Request for Proposal #HSH2026-156 PWLE Engagement (RFP #156).

HSH invites Proposals from qualified Proposers to establish a centralized Advisory Group of People With Lived Experience (PWLE) of homelessness or housing instability. The awarded Contractor will be responsible for creating structured, participatory mechanisms for PWLE to convene regularly, be informed of HSH policies and programming, and provide critical feedback and input based on their lived experiences to reduce barriers for those experiencing homelessness and housing instability in San Francisco.

Schedule
RFP Issued: Thursday January 8, 2026
Pre-Proposal Conferences:
Virtual: Thursday January 15, 2026 from 9:00 am – 10:00 am | Use this link to join
Deadline for Written Questions: January 19, 2026
Answers and Clarifications Published: January 26, 2026
Deadline to Submit Proposals: Tuesday, February 10, 2026 by 2:00 pm
Notice of Intent to Award: March 20, 2026
Agreements Commence: June 1, 2026
Procurement Lead: Tahseen Chowdhury hshprocurements@sfgov.org
Questions and Communications
From the date this Solicitation is issued until the date the competitive process of this Solicitation is completed (either by cancelation or award), Applicants and their subcontractors, vendors, representatives and/or other parties under Applicant’s control, shall communicate solely with the Procurement Lead whose name appears in this Solicitation. Any attempt to communicate with any party other than the Contact whose name appears in this Solicitation, including any City official, representative or employee, is strictly prohibited. Failure to comply with this communications protocol may, at the sole discretion of the City, result in the disqualification of the Applicant or potential Applicant from the competitive process. This protocol does not apply to communications with the City regarding business that is unrelated to this Solicitation.

Documents
RFP #156 PWLE Engagement
RFP #156 Preproposal Slide Deck
RFP #156 Answers and Clarifications
RFP #156 Addendum 1
RFP #156 Addendum 2
Appendices
RFP #156 Appendix 1 Application Template
RFP #156 Appendix 2 - Budget Proposal - Revised 1-26-26
Attachments
RFP #156 Attachment 1 City's Proposed Contract Terms
RFP #156 Attachment 2 HCAO and MCO Declaration Forms
RFP #156 Attachment 3 First Source Hiring Form
Request for Qualifications #155: Scattered Sites Housing Programs (SSHP)
The City and County of San Francisco (City) Department of Homelessness and Supportive Housing (HSH) invite proposals to provide a. Scattered Sites Housing Programs (SSHP) and b. Housing Retention and Mitigation Fund Administration. SSHP includes Shallow Subsidy, Rapid re-housing, Flexible Housing Subsidy Program, Housing Ladder, Emergency Housing Voucher, and Mainstream Housing Voucher.

Schedule
RFQ Issued: September 4, 2025
Pre-Proposal Conferences:
Virtual: September 15, 2025, 1-2:30 RFQ #155 Virtual Pre-Proposal Link
In Person: September 16, 2025, 1-2:30 at 49 South Van Ness, Meeting Room 192
Deadline for Written Questions: September 18, 2025
Answers and Clarifications Published: September 29, 2025
Deadline to Submit Proposals: Tuesday October 21 November 4, 2025 by 2:00 pm
Notice of Intent to Award: January 30 February 3, 2026
Agreements Commence: May 2026 and on a rolling basis
Questions and Communications
From the date this Solicitation is issued until the date the competitive process of this Solicitation is completed (either by cancelation or award), Applicants and their subcontractors, vendors, representatives and/or other parties under Applicant’s control, shall communicate solely with the Procurement Lead whose name appears in this Solicitation. Any attempt to communicate with any party other than the Contact whose name appears in this Solicitation, including any City official, representative or employee, is strictly prohibited. Failure to comply with this communications protocol may, at the sole discretion of the City, result in the disqualification of the Applicant or potential Applicant from the competitive process. This protocol does not apply to communications with the City regarding business that is unrelated to this Solicitation.

Documents
RFQ #155 SSHP
RFQ #155 Answers and Clarifications
RFQ #155 Addendum 1
RFQ #155 Pre-Proposal Conference Slide Deck
Appendices
RFQ #155 Appendix 1A SSHP Application Template Revised 9/29/2025
RFQ #155 Appendix 1B HRMFA Application Template Revised 9/29/2025
RFQ #155 Appendix 2 Prior Performance
Attachments
RFQ #155 Attachment 1 Proposed Grant Agreement Terms
RFQ #155 Attachment 2 Proposed Contract Terms
RFQ #155 Attachment 3 HCAO and MCO Declaration Form
RFQ #155 Attachment 4_ First Source Hiring Form
Attachment 5_ SSHP Engagement and Exit Policy
Request for Proposals #154: Transitional Housing Programs for Transitional Age Youth
The City and County of San Francisco (City) Department of Homelessness and Supportive Housing (HSH) invites Proposals from qualified Proposers for the provision of Transitional Housing Programs for Transitional Age Youth (TAY) including Transitional Living Program (TLP), Transitional Housing Program – Plus (THP-Plus), and Bridge program (Bridge).

Schedule
RFP Issued: July 21, 2025
Pre-Proposal Conference: July 28, 2025, 2:00-3:30 PM, Join the Meeting
Deadline for Written Questions: July 29, 2025
Answers and Clarifications Published: August 5, 2025
Deadline to Submit Proposals: August 21 22, 2025 by 2:00 PM
Oral Presentation/Interview: Week of September 22, 2025
Notice of Intent to Award: October 3, 2025
Agreement Commence: Starting January 1, 2026 and on a rolling basis
Questions and Communications
From the date this Solicitation is issued until the date the competitive process of this Solicitation is completed (either by cancelation or award), Applicants and their subcontractors, vendors, representatives and/or other parties under Applicant’s control, shall communicate solely with the Procurement Lead whose name appears in this Solicitation. Any attempt to communicate with any party other than the Contact whose name appears in this Solicitation, including any City official, representative or employee, is strictly prohibited. Failure to comply with this communications protocol may, at the sole discretion of the City, result in the disqualification of the Applicant or potential Applicant from the competitive process. This protocol does not apply to communications with the City regarding business that is unrelated to this Solicitation.

Documents
RFP #154 Transitional Housing Programs for Transitional Age Youth
RFP #154: Preproposal Slide Deck
RFP #154: Questions and Answers
RFP #154: Addendum #1
RFP #154: Addendum #2
Appendices
Appendix 1: Application Template REVISED 8.7.25
Appendix 2: Budget Proposal REVISED 8.18.25
Appendix 3: Minimum Qualifications
Appendix 4: Prior Performance Form
Attachments
Attachment 1: City’s Proposed Grant Terms
Attachment 2: City’s Proposed Contract Terms
Attachment 3: Proposer Questionnaire and References
Attachment 4: HCAO and MCO Declaration Forms
Attachment 5: First Source Hiring Form
Attachment 6: TAY Transitional Housing Program Matrix REVISED 8.7.25
Sample Agreements
Below are the standard agreement boilerplates used by The City. Prospective grantees and contractors are encouraged to review the documents to understand the general terms of any awarded agreement.

G-100 Grant– Typically used for nonprofit service providers
P-600 Contract – Typically used for for-profit providers
Procurement Archives
Closed Procurements
Procurements Archive Prior to 2025
City and County of San Francisco
Our City
Services
Departments
Jobs
City Hall
Policy
Privacy policy
Disclaimer
Get help
Contact the City
Report a problem
Contact 311
Accessibility

Did you find what you needed?


第六屆 中學生黑客松競賽	
「首頁」第六屆優勝名單第六屆複選入圍名單第六屆子賽事決賽入圍名單第六屆海選入圍名單第六屆子賽事海選名單HSH2026系列歌曲歷屆活動剪影
HSH2026
數位巡迴演唱會
系列歌曲

妳的歌 Your Song
祝全天下的媽媽們，🌹母親節快樂🌷！🎵「妳的歌」^_^
獻給全天下的媽媽🎵🌹 也獻給那個，一直被愛守護著長大的我們。 by lur x Janet x 愛(AI)

「妳的歌」https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-YourSong

「妳的歌 - HSH2026 數位巡迴演唱會 宅在家場」https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-YourSongLive

妳的歌 (獻給媽媽) 

詞：lur x Janet 

曲：lur x Janet x 愛(AI)



小時候牽著我的手

一步步教會我怎麼走

妳的笑像陽光閃爍

溫暖了我的每個角落



妳的歌在耳邊輕輕唱

像守護我的一盞光

無論路多遠或荒涼

妳在心裡是最堅強的力量

感謝媽媽 妳的愛像海洋

包容我哭泣和倔強

感謝媽媽 妳的心是太陽

因為有妳 我不孤單飄蕩



每一次跌倒妳總扶起我

是妳教我夢想怎麼捉

妳的故事是我的燈火

指引著我勇敢不退縮

當風雨敲打窗戶響

是妳陪我一起抵擋

即使歲月偷偷滲滲過

妳的愛始終不曾改變模樣



感謝媽媽 妳的愛像海洋

包容我哭泣和倔強

感謝媽媽 妳的心是太陽

因為有妳 我不孤單飄蕩




夢想起飛 Dreams Take Flight
2026 中學生黑客松主題曲 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-MV1
「夢想起飛 - Dreams Take Flight」by lur x 愛(AI)

一晃眼～六年過去了～
歷屆的參賽者，已經陸續成為大學與社會的新鮮人。
這是一場虛擬的線上巡迴演唱會，獻給五年多來參與中學生黑客松系列活動，兩千多個夥伴們 與 所有的青少年。
也特別獻給今年應屆的國三、高三畢業生們！🎵 夢想起飛 🎵

夢想起飛 Dreams Take Flight 2026

作詞：Y.C.L.
作曲：愛(AI/人工智慧) x Y.C.L.

Vocal/AI Gen/人類聲源

MV剪輯製作：Y.C.L.＋AI



 夢想起飛，與愛(AI)同翔

 雲端之上，自由翱翔

 With Cloud Anything is Possible ~！

 創意構想家，展翅高飛，勇敢向前



 這裡是起點，把好奇心帶上！

 這裡是起點，一起往前闖！



 愛(AI)的力量，串連想像

 在雲海中，攜手向前

 愛(AI)的智慧，星光閃亮

 照亮前路，指引方向，讓夢想放光芒

 觀察一點點，靈感就會長

 發想一點點，世界就不一樣

 集結你的夥伴，合作到天亮

 把每個「也許」做成真的模樣



 



 

 不用完美才開始

 開始就會更勇敢

 站得更高，看得更遠



 不畏懼，不退縮，創意無疆界

 With Cloud Anything is Possible ~！

 愛(AI)與智慧，共同編織未來的畫面

 夢想起飛，與愛(AI)同翔，這是我們的約定



 With Cloud~ Anything is Possible!

 夢想起飛！

 與愛(AI)同翔！



 夢想起飛，與愛(AI)同翔

 雲端之上，自由翱翔

 With Cloud Anything is Possible ~！

 創意構想家，展翅高飛，勇敢向前

 從早安到晚安，雲一直在身旁

 你有感的問題，會變成答案的光

不畏懼，不退縮，創意無疆界

 With Cloud Anything is Possible ~！

 愛(AI)與智慧，共同編織未來的畫面

 夢想起飛，與愛(AI)同翔，這是我們的約定



 如果你還不確定，沒關係~ 先試一次

 站在巨人的肩膀上，我們一起往前看

 把今天的勇敢，存成明天的翅膀

 你會發現：原來你也做得到



 不畏懼，不退縮，創意無疆界

 With Cloud Anything is Possible ~！

 愛(AI)與智慧，共同編織未來的畫面

 夢想起飛，與愛(AI)同翔，這是我們的約定



青春 Our Youth
2026 中學生黑客松系列活動歌曲 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-MV2
「青春 - Our Youth」by lur x 愛(AI)
獻給 五年多來參與中學生黑客松系列活動，兩千多個夥伴們 與
所有的青少年
屬於你們的節日，青年節快樂～！
「青春 - Our Youth」 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-single02


「青春 - Our Youth」

作詞：Y.C.L.
作曲：愛(AI/人工智慧) x Y.C.L.

Vocal/AI Gen/人類聲源

MV剪輯製作：Y.C.L.＋AI



青春 ~



那年夏天風把門推開

我們闖進未知的海

用一盒彩色的筆

把世界畫成期待

有時候也會失敗

有時候想躲起來

但你說：抬頭看看

星星一直都在



把怕變成勇敢

把散變成牽絆

青春，是一封寫給未來的信

字裡行間都閃著你和我的心

青春，是一次用力的飛行

就算逆風也要往光裡前進

我們把回憶抱緊

再把夢放得更遠更清

青春~ 請答應

永遠熱烈、永遠相信



遠方也許很難、很大

也許會突然想家

如果你偶爾迷路

就聽聽這段合唱

走過的路不會白忙

流過的淚會成花

等某天再次相逢

我們都還在發燙



若時間催促

就用歌留住

你我最初的溫度



青春，是一封寫給未來的信

字裡行間都閃著你和我的心

青春，是一次用力的飛行

就算逆風也要往光裡前進

我們把回憶抱緊

再把夢放得更遠更清

青春~ 請答應

永遠熱烈、永遠相信



青春~（wu~）永遠相信

聯絡方式

如有相關問題，請至本活動之 Line官方帳號 詢問。

辦理單位

（一）指導單位：教育部國民及學前教育署、高雄　　　

　　　市政府教育局、新興科技教育遠距示範服務　

　　　計畫辦公室

（二）主辦單位：高雄市立高雄女子高級中學

（三）協辦單位：Microsoft微軟

                                         台灣微課程發展協會



To view keyboard shortcuts, press question mark
View keyboard shortcuts


#HSH2026
Top
Latest
People
Media
Lists

See new posts
Search timeline
Funaab Twitter
AL¶GB¶¶
@thisisalagbaa
·
Feb 1
Hello February 🤍❤️
There’s something about this month that feels familiar. 
Warm, comforting, and close to home.
May it bring you ease, smiles, and good moments.
Happy New Month from Home Sweet Home 🏠

#Alagbaa #HSH2026 #February #Homecoming2
Search filters
People
From anyone
People you follow
Location
Anywhere
Near you
Advanced search
Trending now
What’s happening
Primetime
This Friday, have a seat. Get tickets now.
Promoted by A24
Trending
Tennessee
Politics · Trending
Cornyn
Trending
Starbase
Show more
Who to follow
Chris
@Chrisland1405
SHAHPAR ⧫
@shahpar0x
Curt Jaimungal
@TOEwithCurt
Show more
Terms
 ·
Privacy
 ·
Cookies
 ·
Accessibility
 ·
US TIDA
 ·
Ads Info
 ·

More
© 2026 X Corp.

第六屆 中學生黑客松競賽	
「首頁」第六屆優勝名單第六屆複選入圍名單第六屆子賽事決賽入圍名單第六屆海選入圍名單第六屆子賽事海選名單HSH2026系列歌曲歷屆活動剪影
2026 中學生黑客松競賽
🚀 最新消息

📣 第六屆 中學生黑客松 優勝名單 公布(2026.07.26)


📣 第六屆 中學生黑客松 子賽事決賽入圍名單 公布(2026.07.20)



📢 【子賽事重要公告｜任務補件通知】


因近期子賽事報名之隊伍於 Microsoft Teams 加入及 電子郵件收信過程中遇到技術問題，

為確保各隊權益，經工作團隊討論後，提供新的方案（無需透過Teams），開放所有子賽事隊伍繳交「任務」。


📌 補件截止時間

115 年 7 月 19 日（日）23:59:59


📌 任務繳交說明（含平台）

第六屆 中學生黑客松 子賽事 任務說明

https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-sdoc6


📌 重要提醒

請務必於平台完整填寫以下資訊：

隊伍名稱 作品名稱 姓名

並在上傳時要將所有檔案打包成一個 zip 壓縮檔，

檔名一定要遵守規定格式：

隊伍名稱 – 作品名稱 – 上傳的隊員姓名.zip

（譬如：角落生物隊 – 飛揚的灰塵 – 李小花.zip）


⚠️ 若上述資訊未完整填寫，導致工作團隊無法辨識作品，一律視為未繳交，不另行通知補件。


本次將依平台最終繳交資料進行審查，請各隊務必於截止時間前完成上傳。

若有任何問題，請儘速於官方 LINE 與工作團隊聯繫。




📣 🕵️‍♂️👦👩‍🎨🧒👨‍🚀創意構想家們🔥下一個挑戰日🔥上見 📣

第六屆 中學生黑客松 複選入圍名單 公布(2026.06.29)


📣 🕵️‍♂️👦👩‍🎨🧒👨‍🚀創意構想家們🔥挑戰日🔥上見 📣

第六屆 中學生黑客松 主賽事海選入圍名單 公布(2026.05.24)

第六屆 中學生黑客松 子賽事海選名單 公布(2026.05.24)



📣感謝所有夥伴們的關注與報名📣黑客松海選報名已於5/13(三)下午5點截止。創意構想 5/15(五)下午1點前繳交。

創意構想繳交的位置 會在 5/13 晚上8點前統一寄送到隊長的信箱。（因為主辦單位需要整理報名隊伍資料，歷屆都有些隊伍重複報名或資料缺漏的情況）
創意構想繳交的位置已經全數寄出，統一寄送到隊長的信箱。如有問題請到 Line官方帳號 詢問。


完成報名後，共同需要繳交有「創意構想與圖像示意」與「AI協作切結書」。
一張A4以內且與競賽主題(生活化人工智慧加值雲端應用)相符的「創意構想」。搭配「鉛筆手繪圖像化情境示意」(鉛筆手繪在紙上✏️✍️📜、火柴人風格、多格漫畫式，藝術程度不納入評選條件)
AI協作切結書，可以由隊長代表簽署。自行創作，或人類積極參與的AI協作，都不影響評分。切結書，是要切結，人類有積極的參與創作，不是主要躺著交給AI做。
高中隊伍 如果沒有指導老師，隊伍中 【每一位】未滿18歲 學生 ，應附「家長監護人同意書」。 隊伍中若有4位同學 未滿18歲，則需上傳4份。


「創意構想與圖像示意」說明 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-idea 、創意構想撰寫說明影音1、創意構想撰寫說明影音2


跟著音樂一起創作吧~🎵 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-concert


📣呼叫雲世代的🕵️‍♂️👦👩‍🎨🧒👨‍🚀創意構想家📣 第六屆中學生黑客松海選報名最後倒數，5/13(三)下午5點截止！ #HSH #知識管理 #AI賦能創作 #起點 #Microsoft
把握機會先完成報名，創意構想 5/15(五)下午1點前繳交。線上報名網址：https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-reg
相關資訊與問題也歡迎到 Line官方帳號 詢問

黑客海選階段 各項資源懶人清單👇

線上報名 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-reg

創意構想與圖像示意文件 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-idea


說明影音

創意構想撰寫1 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-vid3

創意構想撰寫2 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2025-vid3

簡介與第六屆新焦點 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-vid1

主子賽事競賽辦法+數位挑戰賽 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-vid2


黑客松獎勵措施與證明 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-awards

黑客松資訊懶人包 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-4d

黑客松說明簡報 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-slides


跟著音樂一起創作吧~🎵 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-concert

完成報名後，共同需要繳交有「創意構想與圖像示意」與「AI協作切結書」。此外，高中隊伍 如果沒有指導老師，隊伍中 【每一位】未滿18歲 學生 ，應附「家長監護人同意書」。 隊伍中若有4位同學 未滿18歲，則需上傳4份。

「參賽切結書」 ，是複選階段才需要繳交。詳見下方競賽辦法的「（四）黑客複選」。


📣呼叫雲世代的🕵️‍♂️👦👩‍🎨🧒👨‍🚀創意構想家📣 第六屆中學生黑客松海選報名，5/13(三)下午5點截止！ #HSH #知識管理 #AI賦能創作 #起點 #Microsoft

把握機會先完成報名，創意構想 5/15(五)下午1點前繳交。線上報名網址：https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-reg
創意構想繳交的位置 會在報名截止後， 5/13 晚上8點前統一寄送到隊長的信箱。（因為主辦單位需要整理報名隊伍資料，歷屆都有些隊伍重複報名或資料缺漏的情況）

相關資訊與問題也歡迎到 Line官方帳號 詢問

報名的你，有機會可以獲得
國教署獎狀🪪 (學生及教師)、國際大廠筆記型電腦💻 、最新一代任天堂遊樂器🎮、國際大廠平板🍎、獎盃🏆 、獎金💰 、Microsoft一日見習生👩‍🎨 、官方+Microsoft參賽證明（海選、複選）、挑戰日修課證書、...等獎勵與證明。

報名網址：https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-reg ，5/13 下午5點截止報名，創意構想 5/15 下午1點前繳交。


2~4位同學組隊報名。提交300字以上，一張A4以內且與競賽主題(生活化人工智慧加值雲端應用)相符的「創意構想」。搭配「鉛筆手繪圖像化情境示意」(鉛筆手繪在紙上✏️✍️📜、火柴人風格、多格漫畫式，藝術程度不納入評選條件)。

https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-idea 、創意構想撰寫說明影音1、創意構想撰寫說明影音2

AI協作切結書，可以由隊長代表簽署。自行創作，或人類積極參與的AI協作，都不影響評分。切結書，是要切結，人類有積極的參與創作，不是主要躺著交給AI做。
高中隊伍 如果沒有指導老師，隊伍中 【每一位】未滿18歲 學生 ，應附「家長監護人同意書」。 隊伍中若有4位同學 未滿18歲，則需上傳4份。

想要擁有一個認識人工智慧、雲服務資源與站在巨人肩膀上和夥伴們協同創作的經驗嗎?
不用擔心 程式力的問題。
開啟AI賦能的時代， 提出你的創意構想，讓我們陪你一起實現！

我們希望這不只是一場競賽，而是一個讓青少年
開始練習成為未來創作者、解題者與合作夥伴的舞台
來吧～ 和夥伴一起來試試看吧 ^_^
也許你們做的，就是代表這個世代的第一個作品

提供入門到進階學習資源，導入國際學習創作獎勵迴圈 。

掌握AI賦能的知識管理，人生學習、生活、創作的夥伴。


黑客挑戰日1開放所有報名隊伍參與 - 入圍(實體), 未入圍(線上挑戰日)。報名子賽事可參加全系列線上黑客挑戰日活動(參與並完成任務)

黑客松活動分為兩階段(主賽事共四天)：第一階段 - 兩天(週末)的挑戰日，第二階段 -一天挑戰日與決賽日(暑假)。子賽事決賽1+1天(創作1天、評選1天) 

生活議題到夢想藍圖、雲端與 AI 基礎、AI 賦能創作實戰，包括AI賦能創意實作、知識管理、設計思考、提案企劃、點子到藍圖 101、雲端服務101、Microsoft雲端服務、AI賦能101、導師諮詢、…


今年Special Issue子賽事是為了歷年來有心認識 雲與AI 的同學/夥伴/創意構想家們，提供新型態能參與所有挑戰日活動的模式/機會。子賽事活動資訊 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-sidoc0


#先學習、再練習、再挑戰 #AI賦能創作

本屆有報名子賽事的隊伍，無論是否有入圍主/子賽事各階段選拔，

皆有機會參與🔥系列線上挑戰日、線上挑戰賽（決賽日）🔥

參與並完成任務，即可取得參賽與修課證明🎫

👩‍🦰👱‍♂️給未來創作者的一封信💌(3分50秒👉) https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-MV1

可以學習、練習、再挑戰。


歡迎大家來報名，讓我們陪你一起實現創意構想 ^_^

https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-reg


說明影音(內有分段影音與章節，可點選了解需要的資訊，也可點 說明欄 參考) https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-vids

亦可往下方滑，有活動說明影音 (中學生黑客松活動說明：vol1.簡介與第六屆新焦點 vol2.主子賽事競賽辦法+數位挑戰賽 vol3.創意構想撰寫1、創意構想撰寫2 vol4.決賽、獎勵、評分與重點 。可以點選 章節，了解需要的資訊，也可點 說明欄 參考 )



祝全天下的媽媽們，🌹母親節快樂🌷！🎵「妳的歌」^_^ 獻給全天下的媽媽🎵🌹 也獻給那個，一直被愛守護著長大的我們。 by lur x Janet x 愛(AI)

「妳的歌」https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-YourSong

「妳的歌 - HSH2026 數位巡迴演唱會 宅在家場」https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-YourSongLive
「妳的歌」音樂影片 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-YourSongMV

「妳的歌」歌詞




極致的多樣性

獎勵與證明

資訊懶人包

知識管理與AI賦能創作

＃重要Q&A #黑客海選報名5/13(三)下午5點截止。把握機會先完成報名，創意構想 5/15(五)下午1點前繳交。線上報名網址：https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-reg   #HSH #知識管理 #AI賦能創作 #起點 #Microsoft


Ｑ：
今年的主、子賽事是合併的嗎？

Ａ：
是分開的。這一屆與過往的差異是，在報名時就要決定是否同時報名子賽事。

主賽事跟往年一樣，在海選與複選會分兩階段以淘汰制為主的賽制。


為了要讓全國有興趣想認識雲與AI，學習、練習、再挑戰AI賦能創作的同學們有更多、更完整的參與機會

今年的子賽事，只要有報名，理論上可以參加所有的線上挑戰日(有參與並完成指定任務的話）。

因為在子賽事的線上挑戰日活動中，會配搭主賽事提案構想，融入各式作業與任務中（所以本次在報名時就要決定是否同時報名子賽事）。

子賽事到六月底七月初(子賽事活動資訊)，優先完成線上微課程與任務的前30隊（候補10隊），可以進入子賽事決賽1+1天(實體舉辦,創作1天、評選1天)。

而子賽事沒有入圍決賽的隊伍們，還可以參加 線上數位挑戰賽。

參與並完成任務，即可取得各式修課與參賽證明。


今年子賽事是為了歷年來有心認識 雲與AI 的同學/夥伴/創意構想家們，提供新型態能參與所有挑戰日活動的模式/機會。可以學習、練習、再挑戰。掌握AI賦能的知識管理，人生學習、生活、創作的夥伴。


📣 第六屆中學生黑客松 重要訊息快報 📣

由於近期陸續收到師生、家長回饋，受段考週因素影響，邀請夥伴、組隊及討論準備上有所不及。

考量參與學校需求，並期提供學生參與機會，爰將報名時間延長至5/13(三)下午5時止，另創意構想繳交期限同步順延至5/15(五)下午1時止，5/24(日)下午5點公布海選入圍名單。鼓勵同學踴躍報名參加。


黑客海選報名5/13(三)下午5點截止。把握機會先完成報名，創意構想 5/15(五)下午1點前繳交。線上報名網址：https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-reg   #HSH #知識管理 #AI賦能創作 #起點 #Microsoft
如有相關問題，歡迎到本活動之 Line官方帳號 詢問

海選報名網址：https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-reg ，5/8報名截止，創意構想 5/10(含)前繳交。
創意構想繳交的位置 會在報名截止後， 5/13 晚上8點前統一寄送到隊長的信箱。（因為主辦單位需要整理報名隊伍資料，歷屆都有些隊伍重複報名或資料缺漏的情況）

關於黑客松簡報、「創意構想與圖像示意」說明 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-idea、相關資源文檔，可以在官網最下方的【線上資源】取得。「鉛筆手繪圖像化情境示意」可用手繪後，再掃描或翻拍後貼上(藝術程度不納入評選條件)，詳情請參考說明文件。

2~4位同學組隊報名。提交300字以上，一張A4以內且與競賽主題(生活化人工智慧加值雲端應用)相符的「創意構想」。搭配「鉛筆手繪圖像化情境示意」(鉛筆手繪、火柴人風格、多格漫畫式)，只接受「鉛筆手繪在紙張上，火柴人風格，多格漫畫式的作品，藝術程度不納入評選條件」。

提供入門到進階學習資源，導入國際學習獎勵迴圈 。掌握AI賦能的知識管理，人生學習、生活、創作的夥伴。

官方與企業命題 Special Issue子賽事 #先學習、再練習、再挑戰！#AI賦能創作
完成子賽事報名即可參與第一階段線上挑戰日活動
參與並完成任務，即可取得參賽與修課證明
子賽事活動資訊
本屆有報名子賽事的隊伍。無論是否有入圍主/子賽事各階段選拔，皆有機會參與系列線上挑戰日、線上挑戰賽(決賽日)。

往下方滑，有活動說明影音 (中學生黑客松活動說明：vol1.簡介與第六屆新焦點 vol2.主子賽事競賽辦法+數位挑戰賽 vol3.創意構想撰寫1、創意構想撰寫2 vol4.決賽、獎勵、評分與重點 。可以點選 章節，了解需要的資訊，也可點 說明欄 參考 )

AI賦能創意實作課程，本週末登場！＃中學生黑客松  #HSH #黑客夥伴 #知識管理 #AI賦能創作 #起點 #Microsoft

今年黑客松的組曲你喜歡嗎？你有個幫忙分憂解勞的小夥伴嗎？你是否有聽過AI賦能創作？它真的可行嗎？

進入這個AI賦能的時代後，如何與人工智慧來場良好的對話，活用知識管理服務累積能量，創作媒體內容、數位分身、專案應用？無需任何技術背景NoCode, 只需會用文書軟體、生活語言能力即可上手。

邀請親師生們開始認識與接觸這個串連現在與未來的議題。

黑客夥伴 線上研習 連結、議程與公文 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-hpw

對象：全國民眾、教師、想了解中學生黑客松活動的家長與同學。本研習採線上同步進行，不限資訊專長，歡迎各領域的老師、民眾們一起來交流^_^

線上報名表單 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-partners

場次一 4月11日（六）https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-hpw1

場次二 4月12日（日）https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-hpw2

第六屆中學生黑客松開跑囉！ #HSH #知識管理 #AI賦能創作 #起點 #Microsoft

報名的你，有機會可以獲得 

豐富且神秘的精美獎品、獎盃、國教署獎狀(學生及教師)、獎金、Microsoft一日見習生、官方+Microsoft參賽證明（海選、複選）、挑戰日修課證書、...等獎勵與證明。

海選報名網址：https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-reg ，5/13下午5點報名截止，創意構想 5/15下午1點前繳交。
創意構想繳交的位置 會在報名截止後， 5/13 晚上8點前統一寄送到隊長的信箱。（因為主辦單位需要整理報名隊伍資料，歷屆都有些隊伍重複報名或資料缺漏的情況）

2~4位同學組隊報名。提交300字以上，一張A4以內且與競賽主題(生活化人工智慧加值雲端應用)相符的「創意構想」。搭配「鉛筆手繪圖像化情境示意」(鉛筆手繪、火柴人風格、多格漫畫式)，只接受「鉛筆手繪在紙張上，火柴人風格，多格漫畫式的作品」。

提供入門到進階學習資源，導入國際學習獎勵迴圈 。掌握AI賦能的知識管理，人生學習、生活、創作的夥伴。

官方與企業命題 Special Issue子賽事 #先學習、再練習、再挑戰！#AI賦能創作
完成子賽事報名即可參與第一階段線上挑戰日活動
參與並完成任務，即可取得參賽與修課證明
子賽事活動資訊
本屆有報名子賽事的隊伍。無論是否有入圍主/子賽事各階段選拔，皆有機會參與系列線上挑戰日、線上挑戰賽(決賽日)。

更多資訊 請參考 黑客松海選「創意構想與圖像示意」說明 、黑客松說明簡報、黑客松獎勵措施與證明 與 官網下方的「線上資源」。


📣 狂賀 📣 恭喜中學生黑客松「塹墩閃亮亮」隊伍在亞太資通訊大賽(APICTA 2025）上勇奪大獎

被譽為亞太資通訊科技界「奧斯卡」的 APICTA Awards 2025，時隔9 年今年重返臺灣盛大舉辦。「塹墩閃亮亮」與來自亞太地區 10 多個經濟體的代表隊伍同場競技，最終脫穎而出，成功拿下高中組優勝獎！

恭喜「塹墩閃亮亮」！！

也感謝2025年所有參加中學生黑客松的同學、師長與所有的辛苦在幕前幕後的夥伴們！




2026 中學生黑客松主題曲 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-MV1

「夢想起飛 - Dreams Take Flight」
　　	
一晃眼～六年過去了～

歷屆的參賽者，已經陸續成為大學與社會的新鮮人。

這是一場虛擬的線上巡迴演唱會，獻給五年多來參與中學生黑客松系列活動，兩千多個夥伴們 與 所有的青少年。

也特別獻給今年應屆的國三、高三畢業生們！


「青春 - Our Youth」 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-MV2

獻給 五年多來參與中學生黑客松系列活動，兩千多個夥伴們 與

所有的青少年

屬於你們的節日，青年節快樂～！



🚀 活動說明影音 (中學生黑客松活動說明：vol1.簡介與第六屆新焦點 vol2.主子賽事競賽辦法+數位挑戰賽 vol3.創意構想撰寫1、創意構想撰寫2 vol4.決賽、獎勵、評分與重點 。可以點選 章節，了解需要的資訊，也可點 說明欄 參考 )








🚀 競賽主旨

　　本競賽以生活化人工智慧加值雲端應用為主題，鼓勵學生運用雲端AI服務，針對生活化的議題設計創意應用所辦理之競賽活動。參賽作品之呈現必須同時具備以下2大要素：

（一）針對生活化議題（食、衣、住、行、育、樂）之人工智慧加值雲端應用。

（二）雲端資源應用：限用主辦單位指定之雲端平台資源，並至少包含人工智慧相關之元素（參加「海選」時的構想書無須提及特定的雲端平台資源；待入圍後「複選」競賽作品中，必須指出運用何種雲端資源）。


　　有鑑於親師生們對於AI賦能與未來發展的持續關注，本屆在挑戰日中將以「AI賦能的知識管理與創作」為目標，辦理Special Issue子賽事。

* Special Issue子賽事得以AI賦能/協作的形態進行官方與企業命題的實作。 

**完成報名的隊伍，即可參與「第一階段線上挑戰日活動」。先學習、再練習、再挑戰。

***參與並完成任務，即可取得參賽與修課證明。更多詳情請參閱「中學生黑客松」子賽事活動資訊文件。

🚀 競賽流程


活動剪影

（一）黑客報名

1、國內外公、私立高中職或國中學校之在學學生為限，每隊學生2-4人，指導老師0-2名。（國中參賽隊伍需至少1位指導老師，高中職參賽隊伍可以無指導老師自行組隊或1-2位老師指導組隊。）

2、每位學生只能報名1個隊伍（指導教師可同時指導多組隊伍）。

3、線上報名網址：https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-reg 

4、報名系統在收到報名資料後，將會發送確認訊息至您的信箱。若報名後當天仍未收到通知，請至本活動之Line官方帳號詢問。

5、如有隊伍名稱重複或用詞不雅之情形，主辦單位有權逕行修改。

（二）黑客海選

1、提交創意構想：115年5月10日（星期日）23:59:59點截止。

2、創意構想請以Word檔繳交，內容以一頁A4為限，至少300字，需加入手繪圖像化情境示意(手繪、火柴人風格、多格漫畫式，請參考下方的線上資源區）。可以與Al協作，但不能全交給Al。需填寫AI協作切結書。

3、海選入選名單於官網公告：115年5月15日（星期五）下午5點。

（三）黑客挑戰日（第1階、第2階）

1、Brainstorming Day：雲端服務系列課程與各隊伍創意發想活動。

2、Planning Day：提案企劃活動與導師諮詢。

3、北、中區及南區各辦理1場次，各隊伍必須參與1場次，且隊員中至少需1人參加。

4、參與形式：黑客挑戰日以實體參與。講師採混合模式，實體或線上同步。學生請實體參與， 若有特殊狀況不克實體參與，需與主辦單位聯絡，並提出具體理由，再提供線上參與方案。

5、高中職參賽隊伍若無指導老師，參賽之未滿18歲學生應附「家長/監護人同意書」，須由家長/監護人親筆簽名，並掃描成PDF檔。

（四）黑客複選

1、提交複選提案：115年6月22日（星期一）下午5點截止。

2、參賽切結書：須由所有團隊成員（含指導老師）親筆簽名，並掃描成PDF檔（國中參賽隊伍需至少1位指導老師。高中職參賽隊伍若無指導老師，參賽之未滿18歲學生應附「家長/監護人同意書」，須由家長/監護人親筆簽名，並掃描成PDF檔）。

3、學生證正反面影本：供主辦單位查驗本（114）學年度「在學身分」使用，若無學生證時，請學校單位開立113學年度第2學期之「在學證明」，一併上傳。

4、違反上述規定或資料不齊全，主辦單位有權取消該隊報名資格。

5、複選提案繳交內容將於黑客挑戰日說明。

6、匿名原則：繳交之資料內容除大會提供之表頭之外，不得提示或暗示參賽單位（如logo、學校名稱、指導教師姓名等），未遵守本項原則由評審委員及競賽委員會決議扣分或取消資格。

7、黑客複選入選名單於官網公告：115年6月29日（星期一）下午5點。

（五）黑客挑戰日（第3階）

1、Prototyping Day：各隊伍雛型試做與導師分組諮詢。

2、北、中區及南區各辦理1場次，各隊伍必須參與1場次，且隊員中至少需1人參加。

3、參與形式：黑客挑戰日以實體參與。講師採混合模式，實體或線上同步。學生請實體參與， 若有特殊狀況不克實體參與，需與主辦單位聯絡，並提出具體理由，再提供線上參與方案。

（六）中學生黑客松競賽

Hacking Day：黑力展示，參賽隊伍於現場進行競賽做作品簡報、展示及問題詢答，各組確切詢答時間將視情況調整公告。

Special Issue子賽事：115年7月25日（星期六）AI賦能創作、展示與同儕互評，
											 7月26日（星期日）評審與頒獎

主賽事：115年7月26日（星期日）

（七）注意事項

不符合上述報名程序及交付資料（包含報名文件）不齊全之團隊，主辦單位有權取消其參賽資格。

🚀 競賽時間與地點

（一）報名參賽日期：即日起至115年5月8日（星期五）下午5點截止 。

報名網址：https://tinyurl.com/HSH-2026-Reg 

（二）黑客夥伴研習 (實體+線上)：教師請在全國教師在職進修資訊網（https://www3.inservice.edu.tw/）報名，家長與學生請填寫報名表單（https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-partners）。

1、第一場（課程代碼5545693 ）：115年4月11日（星期六），臺中市教育網路中心。

2、第二場（課程代碼5545729 ）：115年4月12日（星期日），高雄女中 。

（三）提交創意構想：報名後至115年5月10日（星期日）23:59:59點截止。

（四）公告海選入選名單：115年5月15日（星期五）下午5點。

（五）黑客挑戰日（混成型）

1、黑客挑戰日（北區）：新北市雲端智慧科技中心

		（1）第1階：115年5月30日（星期六）

		（2）第2階：115年5月31日（星期日）

		（3）第3階：115年7月7日（星期二）

2、黑客挑戰日（中區）：臺中市教育網路中心

  	 （1）第1階：115年6月6日（星期六）

		（2）第2階：115年6月7日（星期日）

		（3）第3階：115年7月8日（星期三）

3、黑客挑戰日（南區）：高雄女中 

  	 （1）第1階：115年6月13日（星期六）

		（2）第2階：115年6月14日（星期日）

		（3）第3階：115年7月10日（星期四）

（六）提交複選提案：115年6月22日（星期一）下午5點截止。

（七）公告決選入選名單：115年6月29日（星期一）下午5點前。

（八）黑客松競賽：

1、Special Issue子賽事：115年7月25日（星期六）AI賦能創作、展示與同儕互評，
											 	  7月26日（星期日）評審與頒獎

   主賽事：115年7月26日（星期日）

2、地點：高雄市立高雄女子高級中學（高雄市前金區五福三路122號）

（九）競賽後活動：

入選隊伍依決賽評選成績為金獎、銀獎等之隊伍，台灣微軟將提供諮詢與相關資源來協助競賽作品的雛型實作。

🚀 評審遴選與評分項目 

（一）評審團成員由主辦單位邀請學界與業界專家組

　成。

（二）評審團設總召集人1名（由評審團互推），負

責主持評審會議及與評審相關事務之協調。

（三）黑客松競賽評分項目：


🚀 獎勵方式

（一）經入選隊伍依決賽評選成績予以獎勵如下： 

1、金獎（1組）：頒發獎盃1座、獎狀學生及教師各1紙（國教署）、獎金1萬元、精美獎品1份。

2、銀獎（2組）：頒發獎盃1座、獎狀學生及教師各1紙（國教署） 、獎金5,000元、精美獎品1份。

3、銅獎（4組）：頒發獎盃1座、獎狀學生及教師各1紙（國教署）、獎金3,000元、精美獎品1份。

4、佳作（8組）：頒發獎狀1紙（教育局）。

5、明日之星（3組）：限國中學生，學生及教師各頒發獎狀1紙（教育局） 、禮券2,000元、精美獎品1份(比序第一名)。

6、Special Issue子賽事：學生及教師各頒發獎狀1紙（教育局）、精美獎品。

（二）參加海選、複選之隊伍授予參賽證書（官方、Microsoft）。

（三）參與黑客挑戰日並完成指定任務者，授予修課證書(官方、Microsoft)。

（四）得獎隊伍之指導教師由各縣市本權責辦理行政敘獎。

🚀 參賽規則

（一）參賽團隊同意遵守主辦單位所規定之競賽須知及評審委員會所決議之各項評審公告、

規則及評審結果。

（二）參賽團隊有下列情形之一者，主辦單位得逕予取消得獎資格，並追回獎狀及相關獎勵 ：

1、參賽所提報之各項資料有虛偽不實者。

2、參賽作品已達「商品化」或「量產」階段。

3、參賽作品須為參賽學生自行創作（老師得協助指導）之作品，且無任何剽竊、抄

　襲、冒名頂替或其他侵害他人專利、專門技術、著作權或其他智慧財產權。

4、曾獲其他競賽前三名獎項之作品，不得參加本競賽。

5、在比賽會場有其他影響其他參賽隊伍，造成競賽不公的行為。

6、參賽作品有違反本競賽規則所列之規定者。

（三）得獎隊伍需依主辦單位規劃，參與後續國際賽事或相關交流活動，展現競賽成果，提升實戰經驗與視野。

（四）參賽團隊同意配合主辦單位推廣、宣傳需要，無償提供參賽作品相關資料、影片剪

輯、接受攝影等作為競賽專輯、宣傳影片於國內、外非營利使用。

（五）主辦單位得視需要修改競賽相關須知，並公布於競賽官網。參賽團隊應經常瀏覽官網

公告，不得以未知悉為由提出異議。

（六）活動官網：http://hsh.at.tw

1、每個隊伍僅需1人代表進行線上報名即可，不需所有隊員都進行報名。

2、報名系統在收到報名資料後，將會發送確認訊息至您的信箱。若報名後當天仍未收到通知，請至本活動之Line官方帳號詢問。

3、競賽簡章及附件檔案請至官網下載。


🚀 線上資源

競賽簡章(下載)

參賽切結書(下載)

家長/監護人同意書(下載)

黑客松教師研習公文函(下載)

黑客松公文函.國教署國立私立學校(下載)

黑客松公文函.縣市立學校(下載)

黑客松資訊懶人包(下載)

黑客松說明簡報(下載)

子賽事活動資訊

獎勵措施與證明

如何取得教育部edu郵件信箱 101

微軟Office365教育版雲端服務啟用教學

黑客松海選「創意構想與圖像示意」說明+AI協作切結書(線上版)

黑客松海選「創意構想」說明+AI協作切結書(PDF版)

黑客夥伴研習議程資訊

第五屆 中學生黑客松 系列活動 影音

LINE官方帳號(同步資訊公告與客服)

🚀 關鍵日期/資訊(懶人包)



聯絡方式

如有相關問題，請至本活動之 Line官方帳號 詢問。

辦理單位

（一）指導單位：教育部國民及學前教育署、高雄　　　

　　　市政府教育局、新興科技教育遠距示範服務　

　　　計畫辦公室

（二）主辦單位：高雄市立高雄女子高級中學

（三）協辦單位：Microsoft微軟

                                         台灣微課程發展協會



第六屆 中學生黑客松 子賽事 課程與任務說明

子賽事有提供的OpenAI帳號( ChatGPT/Codex，若尚未取得，請聯絡HSH Line官方)。已在Teams完成任務繳交之隊伍，無需再重複繳交。
線上挑戰日微課程影音 雲端與 AI 基礎 系列
Microsoft Azure雲端運算服務與 Learn  101
吳浩偉 老師
課程影音
「Azure雲端服務」小幫手


線上挑戰日微課程影音 生活議題到夢想藍圖 系列
設計思考與提案企劃、點子到藍圖 101
設計思考101
莊育鯉 老師
盧育群 老師
課程影音 - 0 開場
課程影音 - 1 人物誌
課程影音 - 2 同理心地圖
課程影音 - 3 使用者經驗地圖
課程影音 - 4 設計邏輯與技術整合
課程影音 - 5 故事板
可以互動討論的
「設計思考」小幫手

 
點子到藍圖101
許益祥 老師
盧育群 老師
課程影音
示範練習
「點子到藍圖」小幫手


線上挑戰日微課程影音 AI 賦能創作實戰 系列
AI賦能創作101
許益祥 老師
盧育群 老師
課程影音
示範練習1 藍圖驅動的AI賦能開發MVP
示範練習2 創作教練與加上素材包的進階版
AI賦能創作101 (不同講師分享版)
王士睿老師
AI賦能創作101 與 示範練習1：藍圖驅動的AI賦能開發MVP
示範練習2：進階篇
「AI賦能創作」小幫手

第001與003號任務 設計思考101 x 提案企劃 101
依循設計思考101 x 提案企劃 101 課程內容的教學，並且基於 主賽事 海選的創意構想，與隊員們、指導老師、AI小幫手合作，一同發展、打造主賽事作品的草案簡報
以Powerpoint格式，提交。
課程範本 https://tinyurl.com/hsh-2026-sdoc7




倘若你在Teams帳號顯示的不是「隊伍名稱+真實姓名」，但還無法解決顯示的問題。請在繳交任務時，用清楚的文字說明你的身分，「隊伍名稱+真實姓名」。以便做任務完成與否的查核，謝謝！

第002號任務 Microsoft 101
請提交課程的筆記，可以是數位 或是 手寫的筆記（需翻拍到word或powerpoint上）。以word或powerpoint格式檔案，上傳到本任務。
請以報名主賽事的創意構想，搭配設計思考與提案企劃課程的任務內容，與隊員、指導老師、AI小幫手討論、解析，列舉你們的「生活化人工智慧加值雲端應用/服務」可能會用的的Azure資源。並將相關內容合併到上述的筆記之中。

第004號任務 A賦能 101 基於藍圖的AI賦能創作
基於 點子到藍圖、AI賦能創作的課程教學，與隊員們、AI小幫手合作，參考示範作品，
活用賽事提供的OpenAI帳號( ChatGPT，若尚未取得，請聯絡HSH line官方)
打造原創AI賦能作品（進階版本，要加入以你們主賽事提案作品為靈感，打造你們原創版本的小遊戲），並 連同說明簡報、相關檔案，一起提交到指定平台（下面的網址）。
請務必於平台完整填寫以下資訊：
隊伍名稱 作品名稱 姓名，並且
上傳時要將所有檔案打包成一個 zip 壓縮檔，檔名一定要遵守規定格式：隊伍名稱 – 作品名稱 – 上傳的隊員姓名.zip（譬如：角落生物隊 – 飛揚的灰塵 – 李小花.zip）。

原創版本的小遊戲上傳到（作品展示平台）：
https://hsh2026.webduino.tw/create?type=web

任務全部的檔案上傳到（Google表單）：
https://forms.gle/z4gJt5jimo3EQrHo9

說明簡報，請用Powepoint簡報格式的檔案，
說明你的原創作品內容、跟AI協作時的提示詞
(人類與AI 小幫手、人類與AI開發服務，協作時人類的對話內容。揭露你們參與的過程，和成果)
並將 作品的連結（參考上傳網站的作品連結）還有 提供給AI開發的遵循用的SRD檔案（軟體開發說明書）
一併 提交/上傳 到這個任務中

第六屆 中學生黑客松
http://hsh.at.tw

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

609+ Interactive Simulators
Physics Comes Alive
In Your Browser
Explore interactive simulations for physics, chemistry, and engineering. Drag, tweak, observe — learn by playing.

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
609+

Simulators

11

Categories

100%

Free

Explore by Category
From classical mechanics to quantum chemistry — find the perfect simulator for your topic.

⚙️
85 sims
Classical Mechanics
Projectile motion, forces, energy, collisions, and rotational dynamics

Explore
🌊
37 sims
Waves & Sound
Wave propagation, interference, Doppler effect, and sound visualization

Explore
⚡
65 sims
Electricity & Magnetism
Electric fields, circuits, Ohm's law, and electromagnetic induction

Explore
🔬
50 sims
Optics & Light
Reflection, refraction, lenses, prisms, and diffraction patterns

Explore
🪐
27 sims
Gravity & Orbits
Orbital mechanics, solar system, tidal forces, and N-body simulations

Explore
🌙
51 sims
Astronomy & The Sky
Moon phases, eclipses, sky geometry, stars, spectra, cosmology sketches, and comets

Explore
🌡️
46 sims
Thermodynamics
Gas laws, heat transfer, entropy, and engine cycles

Explore
🌍
50 sims
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Neural excitation, porous flow, atmospheric and ocean dynamics, and solid-Earth wave cartoons

Explore
📐
85 sims
Math Visualization
Vectors, trigonometry, graphing, Fourier series, and fractals

Explore
🔧
48 sims
Engineering
Logic gates, bridge building, gears, and structural analysis

Explore
🧪
65 sims
Chemistry
Molecules, periodic table, reactions, pH scale, and titration

Explore
Featured Simulators
Our most popular and visually stunning simulations — jump right in.

Featured
School
Projectile Motion
Launch Simulator
Launch projectiles with adjustable angle, velocity, and gravity. Trace parabolic paths with real-time graphs.

Featured
School
Force Diagram Builder
Launch Simulator
Place objects, add force vectors, see net force and resulting acceleration.

Featured
School
Energy Conservation
Launch Simulator
Ball on a roller coaster track with real-time KE, PE, and total energy bars.

Featured
School
Simple Pendulum
Launch Simulator
Adjust length, mass, and gravity. Observe period and damping effects.

New
Featured
University / research
Double Pendulum
Launch Simulator
Mesmerizing chaotic motion with path tracing.

Featured
School
Wave on a String
Launch Simulator
Shake one end, adjust frequency and amplitude. Standing waves and reflections.

Featured
School
Wave Interference
Launch Simulator
Two sources creating constructive and destructive patterns. 2D ripple tank.

Featured
School
Electric Field Visualizer
Launch Simulator
Place charges and watch the E arrow grid, streamlines, and equipotentials update in real time.

Why PhysSandbox?
Runs in Browser
No downloads, no plugins. Just open and start experimenting on any device.

Real-Time Graphs
Live-updating position, velocity, and energy graphs alongside every simulation.

Touch-Friendly
Designed for tablets and phones. Pinch to zoom, drag to interact.

Completely Free
No paywalls, no registration needed. Education should be accessible to everyone.

Share Setups
Share specific configurations with students via URL. Perfect for teachers.

Fullscreen Mode
Project simulations on classroom screens in fullscreen mode.

Start Exploring
Jump into any of our 609+ simulators and start learning through interaction. No account needed.

Start with Mechanics
Explore Orbits
PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Chemistry
/
CHSH Bell Inequality Test
CHSH Bell Inequality Test
Monte-Carlo of the singlet state |Ψ⁻⟩ at four measurement angles (a, a′, b, b′): the running estimate Ŝ approaches the Tsirelson bound 2√2 ≈ 2.828 at the canonical Bell angles (0°, 90°, 45°, −45°), violating the local-realist limit |S| ≤ 2 — quantum entanglement made statistically visible.

Pause sampling
Singlet |Ψ⁻⟩ + measurement angles
Alice angle a
0°

Alice angle a′
90°

Bob angle b
45°

Bob angle b′
-45°

Trials / frame
120

Bell preset (S = 2√2)
Classical (S = 2)
Reset counts
Two-qubit singlet |Ψ⁻⟩ = (|01⟩−|10⟩)/√2: ⟨σ_a · σ_b⟩ = −cos(a−b). The CHSH combination S = E(a,b) − E(a,b′) + E(a′,b) + E(a′,b′) saturates the local-realist bound at |S| ≤ 2 and the quantum (Tsirelson) maximum at |S| = 2√2 ≈ 2.828, reached at the canonical Bell angles (0°, 90°, 45°, −45°).

Measured values
Ŝ (Monte-Carlo)
0.028
S_theory
-0.000
Trials
18240
Violates |S| ≤ 2 ?
no

About this model
This lab runs a Monte-Carlo CHSH Bell test on the singlet state |Ψ⁻⟩. Four measurement settings (a, a′, b, b′) define correlators that combine into the CHSH parameter Ŝ. At the canonical Bell angles (0°, 90°, 45°, −45°) the running estimate approaches the Tsirelson bound 2√2 ≈ 2.828, violating the local-realist limit |S| ≤ 2. Each trial samples projective outcomes ±1 according to quantum probabilities for the singlet. The simulator assumes ideal projective measurements, perfect entanglement, and no detection loopholes or communication between parties. You choose angles and accumulate shots to watch Ŝ converge — entanglement made statistically visible against the classical bound.

Who it's for: Quantum information and foundations courses introducing Bell inequalities, entanglement, and local realism.

Key terms

CHSH inequality
Bell test
Singlet state
Tsirelson bound
Entanglement
Local realism
How it works
CHSH Bell test simulator: a Monte-Carlo of two entangled spins in the singlet state shows the running estimate Ŝ approaching the quantum limit 2√2 ≈ 2.828 at the canonical angles (0°, 90°, 45°, −45°), well above the local-realist bound |S| ≤ 2.

Frequently asked questions
What does violating |S| ≤ 2 prove?
Any local-hidden-variable model that assigns predetermined outcomes independent of the distant setting cannot exceed |S| = 2. Quantum mechanics predicts up to 2√2 for the singlet at optimal angles. Observing Ŝ > 2 (with enough statistics) rules out that classical picture for the prepared state — it does not by itself close experimental loopholes.
Why is 2√2 the maximum, not 4?
Algebraically each correlator is at most 1, so |S| ≤ 4 looks possible, but quantum measurements on two qubits cannot saturate that. Tsirelson’s bound 2√2 is the tight quantum maximum for CHSH; reaching 4 would require stronger-than-quantum correlations.
Do I need exactly the angles 0°, 90°, 45°, −45°?
Those angles maximize the singlet violation. Other choices can still violate |S| ≤ 2, but with a smaller margin; some angles give S compatible with local realism even for an entangled state. The lab lets you mis-set angles to see the violation shrink or disappear.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 65 in Chemistry.

View category →
New
University / research
Sequential Stern–Gerlach
Launch Simulator
Two SG devices: P(up on SG₂) = cos²(θ/2) or sin²(θ/2) after |±z⟩ filter.

New
University / research
Anderson Localization (1D Tight-Binding)
Launch Simulator
Random onsite disorder W on a 1-D chain: diagonalize H, plot |ψ|² eigenstates, IPR vs energy, and localization length estimates (RMS and exponential fit).

New
University / research
Quantum Hall Edge States & σ_xy Plateaus
Launch Simulator
Integer QHE: chiral edge channels and skipping orbits in a Hall bar, filled Landau levels vs μ, and quantized Hall conductance plateaus σ_xy = ν_f e²/h.

New
University / research
Wigner Function (Coherent vs Squeezed)
Launch Simulator
Phase-space quasi-probability W(x, p) for a single-mode Gaussian quantum state: coherent |α⟩, displaced-squeezed D(α)S(ξ)|0⟩, and thermal. The 1σ ellipse rotates by half the squeeze phase θ/2 and shrinks below the vacuum floor along one quadrature — the basic picture of CV quantum optics.

New
University / research
WKB / Bohr–Sommerfeld Quantization
Launch Simulator
Semiclassical bound-state energies for arbitrary V(x): harmonic, quartic, Morse, double-well, asymmetric and square wells. Bisection on the action ∫√(2m(E−V))dx = (n+½)πℏ gives the WKB ladder; compare with the exact harmonic ladder ℏω(n+½).

New
University / research
Hong–Ou–Mandel Two-Photon Dip
Launch Simulator
Two indistinguishable photons enter opposite ports of a 50/50 beam splitter and bunch into the same output: coincidence probability P_c(δτ) = ½(1 − V·exp(−(δτ/τ_c)²)) (Gaussian) or Lorentzian. Drag the delay δτ to walk through the dip; live Monte-Carlo converges to the analytic curve. Visibility V = indistinguishability.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
CHSH Bell Inequality Test — Simulator | PhysSandbox
https://physandbox.com/chemistry/chsh-bell-test
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Thermodynamics
/
Pipe Friction & Moody Chart
Pipe Friction & Moody Chart
Reynolds number, relative roughness, Swamee-Jain/Colebrook-style friction factor, and Darcy-Weisbach head loss.

Pipe and flow
Pipe diameter D
390 mm

Pipe length L
268 m

Flow rate Q
159.2 L/s

Roughness ε
1.455 mm

Fluid
water
oil
Density ρ
998 kg/m³

Dynamic viscosity μ
1 mPa·s

Measured values
Reynolds number
5.19e+5
Darcy friction factor
0.02817
Relative roughness ε/D
0.003731
Mean velocity
1.33m/s
Head loss hf
1.75m
Pressure drop Δp
17.2kPa
This is a steady, fully developed pipe-flow model using Darcy friction factor. Minor losses, fittings, pumps, non-Newtonian fluids, compressibility, entrance effects, and two-phase flow are not included.

Live graphs

About this model
Pipe pressure loss in steady internal flow is commonly estimated with the Darcy-Weisbach equation, h_f = f(L/D)V²/(2g). The friction factor f depends on Reynolds number Re = ρVD/μ and relative roughness ε/D. This simulator uses f = 64/Re for laminar flow and the explicit Swamee-Jain approximation for turbulent flow, which tracks the Colebrook/Moody chart without iteration. The chart shows smooth and rough turbulent curves, transition markers, the current operating point, head loss, and pressure drop. It assumes steady, fully developed, incompressible, single-phase Newtonian flow in a straight circular pipe.

Who it's for: Fluid mechanics, hydraulics, HVAC, process piping, civil engineering, and mechanical engineering introductions.

Key terms

Moody chart
Darcy-Weisbach
Friction factor
Reynolds number
Relative roughness
How it works
Moody chart and Darcy-Weisbach pipe friction calculator: Reynolds number, relative roughness, Swamee-Jain friction factor, head loss, and pressure drop.

Key equations
Re = ρVD/μ, h_f = f (L/D) V²/(2g)
Swamee-Jain: f = 0.25/[log10(ε/(3.7D)+5.74/Re^0.9)]²; laminar f=64/Re
Frequently asked questions
Why use Darcy friction factor instead of Fanning?
The Moody chart and Darcy-Weisbach head-loss equation usually use the Darcy factor. The Fanning factor is one quarter of the Darcy factor, so mixing conventions causes a factor-of-four error.
What happens in the transition region?
Between roughly Re = 2300 and 4000, flow can switch between laminar and turbulent depending on disturbances and inlet conditions. The simulator flags it rather than pretending the correlation is precise there.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 46 in Thermodynamics.

View category →
New
School
Open-Channel Flow & Hydraulic Jump
Launch Simulator
Rectangular-channel Froude number, critical depth, conjugate depths, energy loss, and subcritical/supercritical regimes.

New
School
Psychrometric Chart
Launch Simulator
Moist-air HVAC chart: dry-bulb, RH, humidity ratio, dew point, wet-bulb approximation, enthalpy, and two-stream mixing.

New
School
Eden Growth (Lattice)
Launch Simulator
Square-lattice Eden model: each step occupies a uniformly random empty von-Neumann neighbor of the cluster; compact growth with a rough interface—track perimeter P vs 2√(πN) as a roughness proxy.

New
School
Lumped Capacitance Cooling
Launch Simulator
Newton cooling with Biot number, characteristic length, τ = ρVc/(hA), temperature curve, and validity check Bi < 0.1.

New
School
Adiabatic Cloud Parcel
Launch Simulator
Lift moist air: dry Γ, LCL, toy moist lapse; RH and cartoon cloud vs height.

New
School
Bénard Convection (Rayleigh)
Launch Simulator
Heated-from-below layer: Ra vs Ra_c ~1708; schematic hex/roll pattern.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Pipe Friction & Moody Chart — Simulator | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Thermodynamics
/
Pipe Friction & Moody Chart
Pipe Friction & Moody Chart
Reynolds number, relative roughness, Swamee-Jain/Colebrook-style friction factor, and Darcy-Weisbach head loss.

Pipe and flow
Pipe diameter D
390 mm

Pipe length L
268 m

Flow rate Q
159.2 L/s

Roughness ε
1.455 mm

Fluid
water
oil
Density ρ
775 kg/m³

Dynamic viscosity μ
76.2 mPa·s

Measured values
Reynolds number
5286
Darcy friction factor
0.04173
Relative roughness ε/D
0.003731
Mean velocity
1.33m/s
Head loss hf
2.60m
Pressure drop Δp
19.7kPa
This is a steady, fully developed pipe-flow model using Darcy friction factor. Minor losses, fittings, pumps, non-Newtonian fluids, compressibility, entrance effects, and two-phase flow are not included.

Live graphs

About this model
Pipe pressure loss in steady internal flow is commonly estimated with the Darcy-Weisbach equation, h_f = f(L/D)V²/(2g). The friction factor f depends on Reynolds number Re = ρVD/μ and relative roughness ε/D. This simulator uses f = 64/Re for laminar flow and the explicit Swamee-Jain approximation for turbulent flow, which tracks the Colebrook/Moody chart without iteration. The chart shows smooth and rough turbulent curves, transition markers, the current operating point, head loss, and pressure drop. It assumes steady, fully developed, incompressible, single-phase Newtonian flow in a straight circular pipe.

Who it's for: Fluid mechanics, hydraulics, HVAC, process piping, civil engineering, and mechanical engineering introductions.

Key terms

Moody chart
Darcy-Weisbach
Friction factor
Reynolds number
Relative roughness
How it works
Moody chart and Darcy-Weisbach pipe friction calculator: Reynolds number, relative roughness, Swamee-Jain friction factor, head loss, and pressure drop.

Key equations
Re = ρVD/μ, h_f = f (L/D) V²/(2g)
Swamee-Jain: f = 0.25/[log10(ε/(3.7D)+5.74/Re^0.9)]²; laminar f=64/Re
Frequently asked questions
Why use Darcy friction factor instead of Fanning?
The Moody chart and Darcy-Weisbach head-loss equation usually use the Darcy factor. The Fanning factor is one quarter of the Darcy factor, so mixing conventions causes a factor-of-four error.
What happens in the transition region?
Between roughly Re = 2300 and 4000, flow can switch between laminar and turbulent depending on disturbances and inlet conditions. The simulator flags it rather than pretending the correlation is precise there.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 46 in Thermodynamics.

View category →
New
School
Open-Channel Flow & Hydraulic Jump
Launch Simulator
Rectangular-channel Froude number, critical depth, conjugate depths, energy loss, and subcritical/supercritical regimes.

New
School
Psychrometric Chart
Launch Simulator
Moist-air HVAC chart: dry-bulb, RH, humidity ratio, dew point, wet-bulb approximation, enthalpy, and two-stream mixing.

New
School
Eden Growth (Lattice)
Launch Simulator
Square-lattice Eden model: each step occupies a uniformly random empty von-Neumann neighbor of the cluster; compact growth with a rough interface—track perimeter P vs 2√(πN) as a roughness proxy.

New
School
Lumped Capacitance Cooling
Launch Simulator
Newton cooling with Biot number, characteristic length, τ = ρVc/(hA), temperature curve, and validity check Bi < 0.1.

New
School
Adiabatic Cloud Parcel
Launch Simulator
Lift moist air: dry Γ, LCL, toy moist lapse; RH and cartoon cloud vs height.

New
School
Bénard Convection (Rayleigh)
Launch Simulator
Heated-from-below layer: Ra vs Ra_c ~1708; schematic hex/roll pattern.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Pipe Friction & Moody Chart — Simulator | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
/
Rossby Waves on a Beta-Plane
Rossby Waves on a Beta-Plane
Linear planetary wave ψ = A cos(kx+ly−ωt) with ω = −βk/(k²+l²+Rd⁻²): streamfunction bands and geostrophic arrows show westward phase propagation.

Pause
Reset phase
Rossby mode
Beta gradient β
1.4

Zonal wavelength λx
8

Meridional wavelength λy
5.5

Deformation radius Rd
12

Animation
Streamfunction amplitude
1

Time speed
0.75 x

The color field is streamfunction ψ. Arrows show geostrophic velocity (u, v) = (-ψ_y, ψ_x). The pattern moves west because β makes ω/k negative for k > 0.

Measured values
ω
-0.570
phase speed cx
-0.726
group speed cgx
-0.262
period
11.02
On a rotating planet the Coriolis parameter grows poleward. A north-south displacement changes planetary vorticity, so the restoring motion forms large-scale Rossby waves with westward phase speed.

Live graphs

About this model
Rossby waves are large-scale planetary waves produced by the meridional gradient of the Coriolis parameter, f = f0 + βy. This simulator uses a single linear beta-plane mode with streamfunction ψ = A cos(kx + ly − ωt). The dispersion relation ω = −βk/(k² + l² + Rd⁻²) is evaluated directly, so no numerical PDE stability limit is hidden in the animation. For β > 0 and eastward wavenumber k > 0, the zonal phase speed c_x = ω/k is negative: crests drift west even though the group velocity can change sign depending on the aspect ratio and deformation radius.

Who it's for: Physical oceanography, atmospheric dynamics, or geophysical fluid dynamics introductions.

Key terms

Rossby wave
Beta-plane
Planetary vorticity
Geostrophic flow
Dispersion relation
How it works
Linear barotropic / shallow-water Rossby wave on a beta-plane. Tune β, wavelengths, and deformation radius to see why planetary vorticity gradients give westward phase propagation.

Key equations
ψ = A cos(kx + ly − ωt), k = 2π/λx, l = 2π/λy
ω = −βk / (k² + l² + Rd⁻²), c_x = ω/k < 0 for β > 0
Frequently asked questions
Is this a full shallow-water forecast model?
No. It is one analytic linear normal mode. That keeps the key beta-effect and dispersion relation visible, but excludes forcing, dissipation, boundaries, topography, and nonlinear wave-mean-flow interactions.
Why can group velocity differ from phase velocity?
Rossby waves are dispersive: ω is not proportional to k. Crests move with c_x = ω/k, while wave-packet energy follows ∂ω/∂k, which can be eastward or westward depending on k, l, and Rd.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 50 in Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience.

View category →
New
University / research
Kelvin–Helmholtz Shear Instability
Launch Simulator
Two parallel flows with slip U: Fourier-mode growth rate sketch and animated interface billows (linear toy model).

New
University / research
Calcium Waves / IP3 Oscillator
Launch Simulator
Li-Rinzel-style IP3 receptor oscillator: cytosolic Ca, ER store, calcium-induced calcium release, SERCA refilling, flux traces, and a Ca–h phase portrait.

New
University / research
Hodgkin-Huxley / FHN Neuron Network
Launch Simulator
Multi-node excitable network using FHN reductions of HH dynamics: chain/ring topology, sigmoidal synaptic coupling, propagation delay, pacer-driven waves, and bursting-like activity.

New
University / research
Reaction-Diffusion Turing Patterns
Launch Simulator
Activator-inhibitor reaction-diffusion toy with spots, stripes, worms presets, diffusion ratio, and schematic dispersion relation.

New
University / research
Gene Regulatory Toggle Switch
Launch Simulator
Two mutually repressing genes with Hill cooperativity: bistable A-high/B-high attractors, phase-plane nullclines, hysteresis under inducer sweeps, and noise-driven switching.

New
University / research
Taylor–Couette Flow (Criterion)
Launch Simulator
Gap d, cylinders Ω_i, Ω_o, kinematic ν: Taylor number Ta and critical Ta_c for toroidal rolls — cartoon + formula.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Rossby Waves on a Beta-Plane — Simulator | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
/
Rossby Waves on a Beta-Plane
Rossby Waves on a Beta-Plane
Linear planetary wave ψ = A cos(kx+ly−ωt) with ω = −βk/(k²+l²+Rd⁻²): streamfunction bands and geostrophic arrows show westward phase propagation.

Pause
Reset phase
Rossby mode
Beta gradient β
2.3

Zonal wavelength λx
3

Meridional wavelength λy
11.6

Deformation radius Rd
23.5

Animation
Streamfunction amplitude
1.3

Time speed
1.15 x

The color field is streamfunction ψ. Arrows show geostrophic velocity (u, v) = (-ψ_y, ψ_x). The pattern moves west because β makes ω/k negative for k > 0.

Measured values
ω
-1.029
phase speed cx
-0.491
group speed cgx
0.429
period
6.11
On a rotating planet the Coriolis parameter grows poleward. A north-south displacement changes planetary vorticity, so the restoring motion forms large-scale Rossby waves with westward phase speed.

Live graphs

About this model
Rossby waves are large-scale planetary waves produced by the meridional gradient of the Coriolis parameter, f = f0 + βy. This simulator uses a single linear beta-plane mode with streamfunction ψ = A cos(kx + ly − ωt). The dispersion relation ω = −βk/(k² + l² + Rd⁻²) is evaluated directly, so no numerical PDE stability limit is hidden in the animation. For β > 0 and eastward wavenumber k > 0, the zonal phase speed c_x = ω/k is negative: crests drift west even though the group velocity can change sign depending on the aspect ratio and deformation radius.

Who it's for: Physical oceanography, atmospheric dynamics, or geophysical fluid dynamics introductions.

Key terms

Rossby wave
Beta-plane
Planetary vorticity
Geostrophic flow
Dispersion relation
How it works
Linear barotropic / shallow-water Rossby wave on a beta-plane. Tune β, wavelengths, and deformation radius to see why planetary vorticity gradients give westward phase propagation.

Key equations
ψ = A cos(kx + ly − ωt), k = 2π/λx, l = 2π/λy
ω = −βk / (k² + l² + Rd⁻²), c_x = ω/k < 0 for β > 0
Frequently asked questions
Is this a full shallow-water forecast model?
No. It is one analytic linear normal mode. That keeps the key beta-effect and dispersion relation visible, but excludes forcing, dissipation, boundaries, topography, and nonlinear wave-mean-flow interactions.
Why can group velocity differ from phase velocity?
Rossby waves are dispersive: ω is not proportional to k. Crests move with c_x = ω/k, while wave-packet energy follows ∂ω/∂k, which can be eastward or westward depending on k, l, and Rd.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 50 in Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience.

View category →
New
University / research
Kelvin–Helmholtz Shear Instability
Launch Simulator
Two parallel flows with slip U: Fourier-mode growth rate sketch and animated interface billows (linear toy model).

New
University / research
Calcium Waves / IP3 Oscillator
Launch Simulator
Li-Rinzel-style IP3 receptor oscillator: cytosolic Ca, ER store, calcium-induced calcium release, SERCA refilling, flux traces, and a Ca–h phase portrait.

New
University / research
Hodgkin-Huxley / FHN Neuron Network
Launch Simulator
Multi-node excitable network using FHN reductions of HH dynamics: chain/ring topology, sigmoidal synaptic coupling, propagation delay, pacer-driven waves, and bursting-like activity.

New
University / research
Reaction-Diffusion Turing Patterns
Launch Simulator
Activator-inhibitor reaction-diffusion toy with spots, stripes, worms presets, diffusion ratio, and schematic dispersion relation.

New
University / research
Gene Regulatory Toggle Switch
Launch Simulator
Two mutually repressing genes with Hill cooperativity: bistable A-high/B-high attractors, phase-plane nullclines, hysteresis under inducer sweeps, and noise-driven switching.

New
University / research
Taylor–Couette Flow (Criterion)
Launch Simulator
Gap d, cylinders Ω_i, Ω_o, kinematic ν: Taylor number Ta and critical Ta_c for toroidal rolls — cartoon + formula.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Rossby Waves on a Beta-Plane — Simulator | PhysSandbox

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Classical Mechanics
/
Vortex Ring (Smoke Ring)
Vortex Ring (Smoke Ring)
Self-propelling toroidal vortex shown as a 2D cross-section: counter-rotating Lamb–Oseen pair drifts at V_self ≈ Γ/(4πa).

Pause
Reset
Vortex ring
Circulation Γ
120

Half-separation a
40 px

Core radius r_c
28 px

Display
Show vortex cores
Side view (cross-section) of a thin axisymmetric vortex ring shown as a pair of counter-rotating Lamb–Oseen vortices at y = ±a. Smoke particles are passively advected by the analytic velocity field; the ring drifts horizontally at the textbook self-induced speed V_self = Γ / (4π a) (no viscosity, no compressibility).

Measured values
Γ
120
a
40px
V_self
0.24px/s

About this model
A smoke ring is shown in cross-section as a pair of counter-rotating Lamb–Oseen vortices of strength ±Γ separated by 2a. Each core induces a velocity field uθ(r) = (Γ/2πr)·(1 − exp(−r²/r_c²)) that is regularised at the centre by the viscous core radius r_c. By symmetry, the two vortices push each other forward at the self-induced speed V_self ≈ Γ/(4πa) — exactly the mechanism that lets a real toroidal vortex propagate through still air. Tracer particles seeded around the cores are advected by the combined velocity field and reveal the rolled-up smoke pattern.

Who it's for: Intro fluid dynamics and aerodynamics; complements the airfoil and Kármán-vortex labs.

Key terms

vortex ring
Lamb–Oseen vortex
self-induced velocity
circulation Γ
toroidal vortex
inviscid limit
How it works
A vortex ring is two counter-rotating vortex tubes joined into a torus. In a 2D cross-section it looks like a vortex pair that propels itself through the surrounding fluid at V_self ≈ Γ / (4π a).

Key equations
V_self ≈ Γ / (4π a) (thin ring, inviscid)
v_θ(r) = (Γ / 2π r)·(1 − exp(−r²/r_c²)) (Lamb–Oseen core)
Frequently asked questions
Why do the two vortices move forward instead of just rotating?
Each vortex sits in the velocity field induced by the other one. Because their circulations have opposite sign, the field they impose on each other points the same way — forward — so the pair drifts together at V_self ≈ Γ/(4πa).
What is the role of the core radius r_c?
A pure point vortex has infinite velocity at the centre. The Lamb–Oseen profile smoothes that singularity over a viscous core of size r_c, giving a finite peak speed and a smooth tracer field — closer to a real, slightly viscous ring.
Why a 2D cross-section instead of a real torus?
The defining dynamics — circulation, mutual induction, and self-propagation — are visible already in the slice that cuts the ring through its symmetry plane. Rendering the full 3D torus would hide the two-vortex structure that drives the motion.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 85 in Classical Mechanics.

View category →
New
University / research
Ideal Line Vortex
Launch Simulator
v_θ = Γ/(2πr) arrow field; circulation and potential flow cartoon.

New
School
Bernoulli Flow
Launch Simulator
Pipe narrows: speed up, pressure down. Continuity + Bernoulli.

New
School
Coriolis Effect
Launch Simulator
Puck on a rotating platform: curved path in the rotating frame vs straight line inertial.

New
School
Magnus Effect (Ball)
Launch Simulator
Same v₀ and θ with vs without spin: toy a = (kωv_y, −g − kωv_x); range comparison.

New
Featured
University / research
Double Pendulum
Launch Simulator
Mesmerizing chaotic motion with path tracing.

New
School
Foucault Pendulum (Sketch)
Launch Simulator
Ω_eff = Ω_E sin|λ| with time scale; top view rotating swing line.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Vortex Ring (Smoke Ring) — Simulator | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Classical Mechanics
/
Vortex Ring (Smoke Ring)
Vortex Ring (Smoke Ring)
Self-propelling toroidal vortex shown as a 2D cross-section: counter-rotating Lamb–Oseen pair drifts at V_self ≈ Γ/(4πa).

Pause
Reset
Vortex ring
Circulation Γ
185

Half-separation a
66 px

Core radius r_c
28 px

Display
Show vortex cores
Side view (cross-section) of a thin axisymmetric vortex ring shown as a pair of counter-rotating Lamb–Oseen vortices at y = ±a. Smoke particles are passively advected by the analytic velocity field; the ring drifts horizontally at the textbook self-induced speed V_self = Γ / (4π a) (no viscosity, no compressibility).

Measured values
Γ
185
a
66px
V_self
0.22px/s

About this model
A smoke ring is shown in cross-section as a pair of counter-rotating Lamb–Oseen vortices of strength ±Γ separated by 2a. Each core induces a velocity field uθ(r) = (Γ/2πr)·(1 − exp(−r²/r_c²)) that is regularised at the centre by the viscous core radius r_c. By symmetry, the two vortices push each other forward at the self-induced speed V_self ≈ Γ/(4πa) — exactly the mechanism that lets a real toroidal vortex propagate through still air. Tracer particles seeded around the cores are advected by the combined velocity field and reveal the rolled-up smoke pattern.

Who it's for: Intro fluid dynamics and aerodynamics; complements the airfoil and Kármán-vortex labs.

Key terms

vortex ring
Lamb–Oseen vortex
self-induced velocity
circulation Γ
toroidal vortex
inviscid limit
How it works
A vortex ring is two counter-rotating vortex tubes joined into a torus. In a 2D cross-section it looks like a vortex pair that propels itself through the surrounding fluid at V_self ≈ Γ / (4π a).

Key equations
V_self ≈ Γ / (4π a) (thin ring, inviscid)
v_θ(r) = (Γ / 2π r)·(1 − exp(−r²/r_c²)) (Lamb–Oseen core)
Frequently asked questions
Why do the two vortices move forward instead of just rotating?
Each vortex sits in the velocity field induced by the other one. Because their circulations have opposite sign, the field they impose on each other points the same way — forward — so the pair drifts together at V_self ≈ Γ/(4πa).
What is the role of the core radius r_c?
A pure point vortex has infinite velocity at the centre. The Lamb–Oseen profile smoothes that singularity over a viscous core of size r_c, giving a finite peak speed and a smooth tracer field — closer to a real, slightly viscous ring.
Why a 2D cross-section instead of a real torus?
The defining dynamics — circulation, mutual induction, and self-propagation — are visible already in the slice that cuts the ring through its symmetry plane. Rendering the full 3D torus would hide the two-vortex structure that drives the motion.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 85 in Classical Mechanics.

View category →
New
University / research
Ideal Line Vortex
Launch Simulator
v_θ = Γ/(2πr) arrow field; circulation and potential flow cartoon.

New
School
Bernoulli Flow
Launch Simulator
Pipe narrows: speed up, pressure down. Continuity + Bernoulli.

New
School
Coriolis Effect
Launch Simulator
Puck on a rotating platform: curved path in the rotating frame vs straight line inertial.

New
School
Magnus Effect (Ball)
Launch Simulator
Same v₀ and θ with vs without spin: toy a = (kωv_y, −g − kωv_x); range comparison.

New
Featured
University / research
Double Pendulum
Launch Simulator
Mesmerizing chaotic motion with path tracing.

New
School
Foucault Pendulum (Sketch)
Launch Simulator
Ω_eff = Ω_E sin|λ| with time scale; top view rotating swing line.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Vortex Ring (Smoke Ring) — Simulator | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Classical Mechanics
/
Ideal Line Vortex
Ideal Line Vortex
v_θ = Γ/(2πr) arrow field; circulation and potential flow cartoon.

Circulation
Γ (scale)
12

Circulation ∮ v·dl = Γ around any loop enclosing the core. Real vortices have finite cores and viscosity; this is the potential-flow textbook pattern.

Measured values
|v| at r = 1 (model length)
1.910 arb.

About this model
An ideal line vortex is a fundamental model in fluid dynamics representing a two-dimensional, incompressible, and irrotational flow field with a singular point at its center. The flow is purely azimuthal, meaning fluid particles move in concentric circles around the vortex axis. The tangential velocity, v_θ, is given by the equation v_θ = Γ/(2πr), where Γ (Gamma) is the constant circulation around any closed loop enclosing the vortex center, and r is the radial distance from the center. This velocity profile shows that speed is inversely proportional to radius, creating a singularity (infinite velocity) at r=0. The flow is irrotational (∇ × v = 0) everywhere except at the singular line itself, where vorticity is concentrated. This model is a key example of potential flow, derived from a velocity potential φ = (Γθ)/(2π), and its streamlines are circles. By interacting with this simulator, students can visualize the non-intuitive relationship between velocity and radius, explore the concept of circulation as a global property of the flow, and understand how a flow can be irrotational yet still possess a net rotation. The model simplifies real vortices by neglecting viscosity, three-dimensional effects, and core structure, focusing purely on the kinematic consequences of a concentrated vorticity distribution.

Who it's for: Undergraduate students in fluid dynamics or aerodynamics courses studying potential flow theory and vortex dynamics.

Key terms

Ideal Vortex
Circulation
Potential Flow
Irrotational Flow
Velocity Field
Singularity
Stream Function
Azimuthal Velocity
How it works
Use with Bernoulli to see low pressure at the core — why bathtubs spin and why wing-tip vortices matter in aviation.

Frequently asked questions
If the fluid is swirling in circles, how can the flow be called 'irrotational'?
In fluid dynamics, 'irrotational' means the local fluid elements do not spin about their own axes (their vorticity is zero). In an ideal line vortex, while the fluid moves in circular paths, each infinitesimal element translates and deforms without net rotation. The 'rotation' we see is a global, orbital motion, not local spinning. This is a key distinction between a vortex and a rotating rigid body.
What does the circulation Γ physically represent, and is it conserved?
Why does the velocity become infinite at the center (r=0), and is this realistic?
Where do we see approximations of ideal vortex flow in the real world?
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 85 in Classical Mechanics.

View category →
New
University / research
Airfoil Streamlines (Joukowski)
Launch Simulator
Potential flow over a Joukowski airfoil: stream-function bands with the Kutta condition fixing circulation.

New
University / research
Vortex Ring (Smoke Ring)
Launch Simulator
Self-propelling toroidal vortex shown as a 2D cross-section: counter-rotating Lamb–Oseen pair drifts at V_self ≈ Γ/(4πa).

New
University / research
Rocket Propulsion
Launch Simulator
Variable mass: thrust ṁu, Tsiolkovsky Δv, vertical launch with gravity.

New
Kids
Rubber Sheet & Ball
Launch Simulator
Sheet height ∝ −Σm/r; ball rolls along −∇h — embedding metaphor, not GR.

New
School
1D Force Field
Launch Simulator
U(x) presets, F = −U′, bead on potential, phase (x,v) and E(t).

New
School
Ballistic Pendulum
Launch Simulator
Bullet hits block: embedded vs e; ω₀ = v/L, θ_max, energy graph.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Ideal Line Vortex — Simulator | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Classical Mechanics
/
Rubber Sheet & Ball
Rubber Sheet & Ball
Sheet height ∝ −Σm/r; ball rolls along −∇h — embedding metaphor, not GR.

Wells
Mass 1 (center)
1.2

Mass 2
0.7

Friction
0.04

Reset ball
Popular-science embedding of “curvature” attracting test bodies — useful metaphor, distinct from full general relativity.

Measured values
Potential
Σ −m/r (arb.)

About this model
Imagine a flexible rubber sheet stretched flat. When massive objects are placed on it, they create depressions, much like a bowling ball placed on a trampoline. This simulator visualizes a classic embedding diagram, where the height of the sheet, h, at any point is proportional to the negative sum of the gravitational potentials from each mass: h ∝ −Σ (G m_i / r_i). Here, G is the gravitational constant, m_i is a mass, and r_i is the distance from that mass. The resulting landscape is a direct, visual map of the gravitational potential field. A small ball placed on this contoured sheet will roll downhill. Its motion is governed by the local slope, meaning it accelerates in the direction of the steepest descent, which is the negative gradient of the height: a ∝ −∇h. This rolling ball approximates the trajectory of a test mass moving under the influence of gravity in a two-dimensional plane, following Newton's laws of motion and universal gravitation. The model simplifies real three-dimensional gravity by confining motion to a two-dimensional surface and using height as an analog for potential energy. It is a pedagogical tool, not a general relativity simulation; the curvature is a visualization aid, not spacetime itself. By interacting, students learn to connect the abstract concept of a scalar potential field to a tangible landscape, see how forces arise from gradients, and predict object motion by reading the shape of the terrain.

Who it's for: High school and introductory college physics students learning about Newtonian gravity, potential energy, and vector fields, as well as educators seeking a visual metaphor for gravitational fields.

Key terms

Gravitational Potential
Gradient
Potential Energy
Newton's Law of Universal Gravitation
Force Field
Equipotential Line
Test Mass
Embedding Diagram
How it works
Museum-style gravity well: height mimics Newtonian potential; the marble finds the valley.

Frequently asked questions
Is this a simulation of Einstein's general relativity?
No. While the 'rubber sheet' analogy is often used to popularize the idea of curved spacetime in GR, this simulator explicitly models Newtonian gravity. The sheet's curvature is a visual representation of gravitational potential energy, not spacetime geometry. The ball's motion is calculated from the slope (the force vector), illustrating F = -∇U, a core Newtonian concept.
Why does the ball sometimes orbit and sometimes fall in?
The ball's path depends on its initial speed and direction, analogous to a planet's orbital mechanics. With the right tangential velocity, it can enter a stable orbit where the inward pull (downhill slope) provides the necessary centripetal force. Too little speed, and it falls directly inward; too much, and it may escape the depression on a hyperbolic path. This demonstrates the conservation of energy in a gravitational field.
What are the main simplifications or limitations of this model?
The model is confined to two dimensions, whereas real gravity acts in three. The 'mass' creating the depression does not itself move in response to the ball, ignoring Newton's third law. Friction on the sheet is typically neglected, so the ball's mechanical energy is conserved, unlike real satellites that experience atmospheric drag. It is a useful metaphor, not a precise computational tool.
How is the 'height' of the sheet related to real gravitational energy?
The height is directly proportional to the negative gravitational potential, U. Lower height means lower (more negative) potential energy. The ball rolls to minimize its potential energy, just as objects in gravity are attracted to regions of lower gravitational potential. The steeper the slope (larger gradient of h), the stronger the gravitational force pulling the ball downhill.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 85 in Classical Mechanics.

View category →
New
School
1D Force Field
Launch Simulator
U(x) presets, F = −U′, bead on potential, phase (x,v) and E(t).

New
School
Inclined Plane: Work & η
Launch Simulator
W = F·s, friction and gravity work, ΔU, efficiency η = ΔU/W_F; slide-down preset.

New
School
Spring Work (F–x)
Launch Simulator
F = kx graph, shaded W = area = ½kx²; U(x) curve vs Spring-Mass dynamics.

Featured
School
Force Diagram Builder
Launch Simulator
Place objects, add force vectors, see net force and resulting acceleration.

School
Atwood Machine
Launch Simulator
Two masses on a pulley. Adjust masses to see acceleration and tension.

New
School
Arch & Wedge Statics
Launch Simulator
Compressive thrust in a stone arch and wedge force resolution (schematic).

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Rubber Sheet & Ball — Simulator | PhysSandbox

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Classical Mechanics
/
Rubber Sheet & Ball
Rubber Sheet & Ball
Sheet height ∝ −Σm/r; ball rolls along −∇h — embedding metaphor, not GR.

Wells
Mass 1 (center)
2.05

Mass 2
1.3

Friction
0.115

Reset ball
Popular-science embedding of “curvature” attracting test bodies — useful metaphor, distinct from full general relativity.

Measured values
Potential
Σ −m/r (arb.)

About this model
Imagine a flexible rubber sheet stretched flat. When massive objects are placed on it, they create depressions, much like a bowling ball placed on a trampoline. This simulator visualizes a classic embedding diagram, where the height of the sheet, h, at any point is proportional to the negative sum of the gravitational potentials from each mass: h ∝ −Σ (G m_i / r_i). Here, G is the gravitational constant, m_i is a mass, and r_i is the distance from that mass. The resulting landscape is a direct, visual map of the gravitational potential field. A small ball placed on this contoured sheet will roll downhill. Its motion is governed by the local slope, meaning it accelerates in the direction of the steepest descent, which is the negative gradient of the height: a ∝ −∇h. This rolling ball approximates the trajectory of a test mass moving under the influence of gravity in a two-dimensional plane, following Newton's laws of motion and universal gravitation. The model simplifies real three-dimensional gravity by confining motion to a two-dimensional surface and using height as an analog for potential energy. It is a pedagogical tool, not a general relativity simulation; the curvature is a visualization aid, not spacetime itself. By interacting, students learn to connect the abstract concept of a scalar potential field to a tangible landscape, see how forces arise from gradients, and predict object motion by reading the shape of the terrain.

Who it's for: High school and introductory college physics students learning about Newtonian gravity, potential energy, and vector fields, as well as educators seeking a visual metaphor for gravitational fields.

Key terms

Gravitational Potential
Gradient
Potential Energy
Newton's Law of Universal Gravitation
Force Field
Equipotential Line
Test Mass
Embedding Diagram
How it works
Museum-style gravity well: height mimics Newtonian potential; the marble finds the valley.

Frequently asked questions
Is this a simulation of Einstein's general relativity?
No. While the 'rubber sheet' analogy is often used to popularize the idea of curved spacetime in GR, this simulator explicitly models Newtonian gravity. The sheet's curvature is a visual representation of gravitational potential energy, not spacetime geometry. The ball's motion is calculated from the slope (the force vector), illustrating F = -∇U, a core Newtonian concept.
Why does the ball sometimes orbit and sometimes fall in?
The ball's path depends on its initial speed and direction, analogous to a planet's orbital mechanics. With the right tangential velocity, it can enter a stable orbit where the inward pull (downhill slope) provides the necessary centripetal force. Too little speed, and it falls directly inward; too much, and it may escape the depression on a hyperbolic path. This demonstrates the conservation of energy in a gravitational field.
What are the main simplifications or limitations of this model?
The model is confined to two dimensions, whereas real gravity acts in three. The 'mass' creating the depression does not itself move in response to the ball, ignoring Newton's third law. Friction on the sheet is typically neglected, so the ball's mechanical energy is conserved, unlike real satellites that experience atmospheric drag. It is a useful metaphor, not a precise computational tool.
How is the 'height' of the sheet related to real gravitational energy?
The height is directly proportional to the negative gravitational potential, U. Lower height means lower (more negative) potential energy. The ball rolls to minimize its potential energy, just as objects in gravity are attracted to regions of lower gravitational potential. The steeper the slope (larger gradient of h), the stronger the gravitational force pulling the ball downhill.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 85 in Classical Mechanics.

View category →
New
School
1D Force Field
Launch Simulator
U(x) presets, F = −U′, bead on potential, phase (x,v) and E(t).

New
School
Inclined Plane: Work & η
Launch Simulator
W = F·s, friction and gravity work, ΔU, efficiency η = ΔU/W_F; slide-down preset.

New
School
Spring Work (F–x)
Launch Simulator
F = kx graph, shaded W = area = ½kx²; U(x) curve vs Spring-Mass dynamics.

Featured
School
Force Diagram Builder
Launch Simulator
Place objects, add force vectors, see net force and resulting acceleration.

School
Atwood Machine
Launch Simulator
Two masses on a pulley. Adjust masses to see acceleration and tension.

New
School
Arch & Wedge Statics
Launch Simulator
Compressive thrust in a stone arch and wedge force resolution (schematic).

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Rubber Sheet & Ball — Simulator | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Classical Mechanics
/
Spring Work (F–x)
Spring Work (F–x)
F = kx graph, shaded W = area = ½kx²; U(x) curve vs Spring-Mass dynamics.

Spring & stretch
k
80 N/m

Final stretch x
0.22 m

Reset defaults
Stretch slowly from x = 0 so the applied force matches the spring: F = kx. The work you put in is the area under the F–x graph. For a linear spring that area is a triangle: W = ½kx², equal to the elastic potential energy stored.

Shortcuts

Space / Enter — reset sliders
R — reset
Measured values
F at x
17.60N
W = ½kx²
1.936J
U spring
1.936J

Live graphs
About this model
A fundamental principle in mechanics is Hooke's Law, which states that the restoring force exerted by an ideal spring is directly proportional to its displacement from equilibrium: F = -kx. This simulator visualizes the relationship between force (F) and displacement (x) on a graph, where the slope of the line is the spring constant, k. The core learning objective is to understand that the work done in stretching or compressing the spring is not simply force times distance, because the force changes continuously. The work is calculated as the area under the Force vs. Displacement curve. For a linear spring, this area forms a triangle, leading to the formula for work: W = (1/2)kx². This work is stored as elastic potential energy, U = (1/2)kx², which the simulator also plots. The dynamic portion connects this energy concept to motion, showing a mass on a frictionless horizontal surface. When released, the potential energy converts to kinetic energy, demonstrating simple harmonic motion governed by the conservation of mechanical energy: (1/2)kx² + (1/2)mv² = constant. Key simplifications include a massless spring, no damping or friction (in the dynamic view), and the assumption that the spring obeys Hooke's Law perfectly within its elastic limit. By interacting with sliders for k, mass, and displacement, students directly see how these parameters alter the force graph, the stored energy, and the resulting oscillation speed and amplitude, solidifying the integral connection between force, work, energy, and motion.

Who it's for: High school and introductory college physics students learning about Hooke's Law, work-energy theorem, and simple harmonic motion.

Key terms

Hooke's Law
Spring Constant
Work-Energy Theorem
Elastic Potential Energy
Simple Harmonic Motion
Force-Displacement Graph
Conservation of Energy
Area Under Curve
How it works
Unlike the Spring-Mass time simulation, this view stresses the geometric meaning of work: for a Hookean spring stretched quasistatically from equilibrium, F(x) = kx and the work ∫ F dx from 0 to x equals the triangular area ½kx², i.e. the stored elastic potential energy.

Key equations
W = ∫₀^x F(x') dx' = ∫₀^x kx' dx' = ½ k x² = U
Frequently asked questions
Why is the work ½kx² and not just kx * x (which would be kx²)?
Because the force is not constant; it starts at zero and increases linearly to kx. The average force during the stretch is (0 + kx)/2 = (1/2)kx. Work is average force times distance: (1/2)kx * x = (1/2)kx². Graphically, this is the area of the triangle under the F-x line, not a rectangle.
Does this model apply to compressing a spring as well as stretching it?
Yes. The physics is identical for compression. The displacement x is measured from the equilibrium position, and the force opposes the displacement (hence the negative sign in F = -kx). The work done to compress the spring and the stored elastic potential energy are also given by (1/2)kx².
What is the difference between the work done ON the spring and the work done BY the spring?
They are equal in magnitude but opposite in sign. The work you do on the spring to stretch it is positive (force and displacement in the same direction), storing energy. The work done by the spring on your hand as you slowly release it is negative (spring force opposes motion), releasing that stored energy. The simulator typically shows the work done on the spring.
When the mass is oscillating, why does it stop at the same displacement it started from?
In the idealized, frictionless model, mechanical energy is conserved. The energy starts entirely as potential energy (U = 1/2 k x_max²). At the equilibrium point, all energy is kinetic. The mass coasts back to the same maximum displacement because it must convert all that kinetic energy back into potential energy, satisfying conservation of energy.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 85 in Classical Mechanics.

View category →
School
Spring-Mass System
Launch Simulator
Simple harmonic motion with adjustable spring constant and damping.

New
School
Inclined Plane: Work & η
Launch Simulator
W = F·s, friction and gravity work, ΔU, efficiency η = ΔU/W_F; slide-down preset.

Featured
School
Energy Conservation
Launch Simulator
Ball on a roller coaster track with real-time KE, PE, and total energy bars.

New
School
1D Force Field
Launch Simulator
U(x) presets, F = −U′, bead on potential, phase (x,v) and E(t).

New
School
Bernoulli Flow
Launch Simulator
Pipe narrows: speed up, pressure down. Continuity + Bernoulli.

New
School
Angular Momentum
Launch Simulator
Two masses on a rod: I = 2mr², change r or m and watch ω adjust to keep L constant.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Spring Work (F–x) — Simulator | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Waves & Sound
/
Kelvin Ship Wake (Cusp Angle)
Kelvin Ship Wake (Cusp Angle)
Deep-water wake V: arms at arcsin(1/3) ≈ 19.47° each side of the track (idealized).

Wake
Travel speed
0.45

Wake brightness
0.55

Real wakes include transverse and divergent wave systems; here we highlight the fixed cusp angle of the dominant V-shaped pattern in an idealized deep-water limit.

Measured values
Half-angle θ (each arm vs astern)
19.47°
Full wedge 2θ (between arms)
38.94°

About this model
The visualization highlights the geometry of Kelvin’s ship wake—the distinctive V-shaped wave pattern behind a vessel (or any body) moving at constant speed through deep water. In the linear theory of gravity waves with dispersion ω² ≈ g|k|, wave energy from a steady disturbance concentrates along two arms that make an angle arcsin(1/3) ≈ 19.47° with each side of the track (full opening ≈ 38.94°). This angle is independent of ship speed in the ideal deep-water limit—unlike many everyday intuitions. Real wakes are richer: they include transverse and divergent wave families, finite-depth effects, viscosity, and nonlinearity; here only the classic cusp lines are emphasized as a signature of dispersion.

Who it's for: Students studying water waves, hydrodynamics, and dispersion; anyone linking the observed “Kelvin wedge” to a simple angle formula.

Key terms

Kelvin wake
Wave dispersion
Gravity waves
Deep water
Kelvin wedge angle
Wavenumber
Group velocity
How it works
A ship steadily disturbing the water radiates wave energy into a characteristic V; in the ideal Kelvin pattern the arms make a fixed angle set by dispersion, not by hull length.

Frequently asked questions
Why doesn’t the angle change when I move the speed slider?
In this idealized deep-water sketch featuring the dominant V arms, the classical cusp angle is fixed at arcsin(1/3) and does not depend on source speed. The slider only changes animation speed. Real finite-depth, nonlinear, and multi-family interference effects modify the picture.
Is this the same as a Mach cone?
No. A Mach cone arises for supersonic motion with sin μ = 1/M in a nondispersive acoustic sketch. Kelvin’s wake follows from water-wave dispersion ω(k); the 19.47° result is specific to deep-water gravity waves.
Are transverse waves between the arms shown?
No. Only the outer cusp lines are drawn for clarity; the full pattern includes feather-like interference from many components. The simulator teaches the key angle, not a complete CFD field.
How does this relate to tsunami shallow-water sims?
Tsunamis are often modeled in shallow water with c ≈ √(gH), where depth variation dominates coastal amplification. Kelvin wakes concern deep water and ship scales; both involve gravity waves, but dominant physics and scales differ.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 37 in Waves & Sound.

View category →
New
School
Water Wave Dispersion ω(k)
Launch Simulator
Shallow k√(gh), deep √(gk), full tanh(kh) — three curves.

New
School
Group & Phase Velocity
Launch Simulator
Two-wave beat: ω(k)=ck+αk²; v_g=Δω/Δk vs v_p=ω̄/k̄; envelope vs carrier.

New
School
Wave Packet & Dispersion
Launch Simulator
Superpose cos(kx−ωt); ω=ck+αk²; spreading vs Wave on String PDE.

Featured
School
Wave on a String
Launch Simulator
Shake one end, adjust frequency and amplitude. Standing waves and reflections.

New
School
Seismic P and S (Schematic)
Launch Simulator
Longitudinal vs transverse particle motion; v_P, v_S sliders — not layered Earth.

School
Transverse vs Longitudinal
Launch Simulator
Side-by-side comparison of wave types with particle motion.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Kelvin Ship Wake (Cusp Angle) — Simulator | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
/
Kelvin–Helmholtz Shear Instability
Kelvin–Helmholtz Shear Instability
Two parallel flows with slip U: Fourier-mode growth rate sketch and animated interface billows (linear toy model).

Shear & stabilization
Shear / slip U
2.2

Surface tension proxy
0.08

Real Kelvin–Helmholtz growth depends on density difference, surface tension, and viscosity. Here σ(k) is a phenomenological curve: long waves grow when shear wins; short waves are damped by the “surface tension” term — use it to discuss selection of a dominant ripple scale.

Measured values
Fastest k (grid search)
1.865
σ(k_max)
1.0558

Live graphs
About this model
Kelvin–Helmholtz instability grows on a sheared interface between fluids when destabilizing inertia overcomes stabilizing effects such as surface tension or density stratification. The simulator shows a toy dispersion σ(k) and an interface built from a few growing Fourier modes for visualization only.

Who it's for: Fluid mechanics students needing a bridge between shear layers and billow clouds.

Key terms

Kelvin–Helmholtz
Shear instability
Dispersion relation
Surface tension
How it works
A cartoon of shear-driven wrinkling: superposed modes with growth rates from a simplified σ(k) kernel, plus the corresponding dispersion curve.

Frequently asked questions
Is σ(k) derived from the full two-fluid dispersion relation?
No. It is a compact phenomenological curve used to discuss band-pass growth: long waves feel shear, short waves are damped by the tension proxy.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 50 in Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience.

View category →
New
University / research
Rossby Waves on a Beta-Plane
Launch Simulator
Linear planetary wave ψ = A cos(kx+ly−ωt) with ω = −βk/(k²+l²+Rd⁻²): streamfunction bands and geostrophic arrows show westward phase propagation.

New
University / research
Reaction-Diffusion Turing Patterns
Launch Simulator
Activator-inhibitor reaction-diffusion toy with spots, stripes, worms presets, diffusion ratio, and schematic dispersion relation.

New
University / research
Taylor–Couette Flow (Criterion)
Launch Simulator
Gap d, cylinders Ω_i, Ω_o, kinematic ν: Taylor number Ta and critical Ta_c for toroidal rolls — cartoon + formula.

New
University / research
Chemostat Microbial Growth
Launch Simulator
Continuous culture: Monod μ(S), dilution D, washout threshold, yield, and productivity DX versus D.

New
University / research
Atmospheric Stability / Parcel Diagram
Launch Simulator
Toy sounding with environmental lapse rate, dry/moist parcel ascent, LCL, LFC, equilibrium level, CAPE, CIN, and Lifted Index.

New
University / research
Pharmacokinetics: 1-/2-Compartment
Launch Simulator
Linear IV PK simulator: bolus, infusion, and repeated dosing; central/peripheral concentration curves, terminal half-life, AUC, Cmax/Cmin, loading dose, and maintenance rate.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Kelvin–Helmholtz Shear Instability — Simulator | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Optics & Light
/
Soap Film (Minimal Surface)
Soap Film (Minimal Surface)
Non-planar wire: discrete Laplace relaxation on z; iridescent mesh — Plateau sketch.

Frame & mesh
Top edge wave amplitude
1.28 (sim)

Relaxation steps / frame
14

Grid resolution
50

Measured values
Grid N
50

About this model
A soap film stretched across a non-planar wire frame forms a minimal surface, a shape of the smallest possible area for its given boundary. This simulator visualizes that surface through a computational physics technique known as Laplace relaxation. The film is modeled as a discrete mesh of points, each with a height (z-coordinate). The core principle is that at equilibrium, the mean curvature at any point on the film is zero, a condition derived from minimizing the surface area under the constraint of the fixed boundary wire. The simulator approximates this by iteratively adjusting the height of each interior mesh point to the average height of its immediate neighbors, solving the discrete Laplace equation: ∇²z = 0. This relaxation process continues until the mesh stabilizes, revealing the smooth, saddle-shaped minimal surface. The iridescent colors are not modeled with full wave optics but are represented schematically using interference-based coloring to evoke the thin-film interference patterns seen in real soap films, which depend on local film thickness. Key simplifications include treating the soap film as having negligible thickness and uniform surface tension, ignoring gravity and dynamic effects like film drainage. By interacting with this simulator, students learn how complex physical shapes emerge from simple local averaging rules, connect the mathematical concept of a harmonic function (solution to Laplace's equation) to a tangible physical system, and observe the direct link between area minimization and zero mean curvature.

Who it's for: Undergraduate students in physics, mathematics, or engineering studying calculus of variations, partial differential equations, or introductory continuum mechanics.

Key terms

Minimal Surface
Laplace's Equation
Mean Curvature
Surface Tension
Plateau's Laws
Thin-Film Interference
Harmonic Function
Relaxation Method
How it works
A thin soap film minimizes area; for small slopes the height z(x,y) over a plane obeys ∇²z = 0 with Dirichlet data on the wire — the same Laplace equation as this Jacobi relaxation on a square grid. The frame here is schematic: flat bottom, vertical sides at z = 0, and a sinusoidal top so the boundary is not planar; the interior smooths into a harmonic surface (pedagogical stand-in for a full Plateau minimal surface).

Key equations
Discrete Laplace: z_ij <- average of four orthogonal neighbors (Jacobi)
Frequently asked questions
Why does the soap film always form that smooth, saddle-shaped surface?
The film minimizes its total surface area to reduce its potential energy, which is proportional to area due to surface tension. A surface with zero mean curvature, like a saddle shape, achieves this local area minimization. This is a direct consequence of the physical principle that systems evolve to their lowest energy state.
The simulator uses an averaging process. What physics law does that represent?
The averaging rule—setting a point's height to the average of its neighbors—is a numerical method to solve Laplace's equation (∇²z = 0). This equation is the mathematical condition for a minimal surface (zero mean curvature) when the boundary is fixed. Each relaxation step reduces the total area, driving the system toward equilibrium.
Can a real soap film have the complex 3D shape shown here?
Yes, provided the wire frame is rigid and the film is stable. This is the classic 'Plateau's problem' named after the 19th-century physicist Joseph Plateau, who experimentally determined the rules for soap film structures. The simulator's model accurately captures the equilibrium shape for a single, continuous film.
Why are there colorful patterns on the simulated film?
The colors are a schematic representation of thin-film interference. In reality, light waves reflecting off the front and back surfaces of the thin soap film interfere constructively or destructively based on the local film thickness, creating iridescent bands. Here, color is used as a visual proxy, often mapping to the local height or curvature of the computed surface.
What does this simulator simplify or leave out?
The model ignores several real-world effects: gravity (which would cause slight thickening at the bottom), the finite thickness and drainage of the film, variations in surface tension, and the dynamics of how the film forms. It assumes a perfectly elastic, weightless film with constant tension, solving only for the final equilibrium geometry.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 50 in Optics & Light.

View category →
New
School
Thin-Film Interference
Launch Simulator
Wedge fringes: n, d, θ; cos²(δ/2) colors and I(λ) at mid thickness.

New
School
Newton’s Rings
Launch Simulator
Spherical lens on flat glass: air-film thickness fringes; optional π phase on reflection.

New
School
Anti-Reflection Coating
Launch Simulator
Air–film–glass at normal incidence: R(λ) from two-interface interference; quarter-wave design.

New
School
Thin Lens Equation
Launch Simulator
Hyperbola d_i(d_o), pole at d_o = f, schematic + 1/d check.

School
Diffraction
Launch Simulator
Single and double slit with interference patterns.

New
School
Chromatic Aberration
Launch Simulator
Cauchy n(λ); thin-lens f(λ); paraxial rays R/G/B.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Thermodynamics
/
Diffusion-Limited Aggregation (DLA)
Diffusion-Limited Aggregation (DLA)
Random walkers stick on first contact with a seed cluster on a square lattice; branched fractal growth with literature mass dimension D ≈ 1.71 in 2D and a rough box-counting D̂.

Pause
Reset cluster
Growth
Walker attempts / frame
28

Each trial releases a random walker on the lattice boundary (or outside the cluster when it is large). The walker takes unbiased nearest-neighbor steps until it touches the aggregate; then it sticks. This is the lattice DLA rule of Witten and Sander; the growing object is a random fractal whose mass dimension in 2D is often quoted as D ≈ 1.71 in the large-size limit.

Measured values
Cluster sites
2
Lattice fill
0.01%
D̂ (box counting)
—

About this model
Diffusion-limited aggregation (DLA) builds a random fractal cluster on a lattice: begin with a frozen seed particle, release unbiased random walkers from the system boundary (or, once the cluster is large, from an annulus just outside its bounding box), and freeze a walker the first time it occupies a site that touches the aggregate. This is the discrete analogue of diffusion fields hitting absorbing boundaries; tips of the growing object see enhanced flux, producing open, branched structures instead of compact Eden growth. In two dimensions numerical estimates of the mass fractal dimension cluster near D ≈ 1.71 in the literature (often contrasted with a mean-field Flory exponent 5/3). The simulator animates growth on a 121×121 square lattice, pauses automatically before the box is nearly full, and reports a crude D̂ from box counting on the occupied set—expect noise and finite-size bias until thousands of sites have accumulated.

Who it's for: Undergraduates in statistical physics, soft matter, or pattern formation who have met random walks and want a concrete fractal-growth model beyond percolation.

Key terms

DLA
Witten–Sander model
Random walk
Fractal dimension
Harmonic measure
Box counting
How it works
Off-lattice DLA is usually credited to Witten and Sander (1981); here you see the square-lattice variant: unbiased random walks from the boundary stick on first contact, building a branched fractal aggregate.

Key equations
Growth probability at tip scales with harmonic measure of diffusion; mean-field Flory-type exponent in 2D is D ≈ 5/3, while simulations give D ≈ 1.71. Box-counting on a finite cluster gives a noisy D̂.

Frequently asked questions
Why does my box-counting D̂ differ from 1.71?
1.71 is a large-cluster extrapolation from simulations on infinite lattices; a single finite realization, a small box, and a handful of box sizes all introduce scatter. Averaging many independent clusters or pooling radii bins reduces variance, but D̂ here is intentionally lightweight pedagogy.
Is this the same algorithm as off-lattice DLA?
Same sticking rule—first contact with the aggregate—but the walk is on the square lattice with nearest-neighbor hops. Off-lattice variants move in continuous space; exponents are in the same universality class but prefactors and anisotropy differ at finite size.
Why stop near ~42% occupancy?
Once the cluster approaches the walls, boundary effects dominate and walkers spend most of their time in narrow corridors. Capping growth keeps the visualization responsive and closer to the “interior growth” regime where fractal scaling is usually quoted.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 46 in Thermodynamics.

View category →
New
University / research
Site Percolation (2D)
Launch Simulator
Square lattice occupation p: clusters, left–right spanning, p_c ≈ 0.593; rough box-counting D̂ on the largest cluster.

New
School
Eden Growth (Lattice)
Launch Simulator
Square-lattice Eden model: each step occupies a uniformly random empty von-Neumann neighbor of the cluster; compact growth with a rough interface—track perimeter P vs 2√(πN) as a roughness proxy.

New
University / research
Lorentz Gas (Billiard)
Launch Simulator
Point particle specularly reflected from fixed disks in a box: chaotic paths and MSD growth toward diffusion.

New
University / research
2D Ising Model
Launch Simulator
Square lattice Metropolis: kT/J vs |m| and E; T_c ≈ 2.27; optional field h.

New
School
Brownian Motion
Launch Simulator
Heavy particle with random kicks and friction; trail and running ⟨r²⟩ vs time.

New
School
Schelling Segregation Model
Launch Simulator
Two agent types on a toroidal lattice with vacancies: unhappy agents swap into random empty cells when fewer than a fraction τ of occupied Moore neighbors share their type—mild local rules, global clustering.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Diffusion-Limited Aggregation (DLA) — Simulator | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Optics & Light
/
Thin-Film Interference
Thin-Film Interference
Wedge fringes: n, d, θ; cos²(δ/2) colors and I(λ) at mid thickness.

Film
Film index n
1.38

Min thickness d
80 nm

Max thickness d
420 nm

Illumination
Angle in air θ
18 °

Reflection phases
Extra π: one common textbook case (e.g. asymmetric reflections) shifts bright/dark fringes.

Extra π off
Wedge along the strip: d grows left→right. Colors use cos²(δ/2) at three wavelengths (≈R,G,B). Path in film uses Snell: cos θ_f with n sin θ_f = sin θ.

Measured values
cos θ_f
0.9746
δ at 550 nm (mid d)
440.2°

Live graphs
About this model
Thin-film interference occurs when light waves reflecting from the top and bottom surfaces of a thin layer, such as a soap bubble or an oil slick, superpose. This simulator visualizes the interference pattern produced by a thin film of varying thickness, specifically a wedge-shaped film. The core physics principle is the phase difference, δ, accumulated between the two reflected rays. This phase difference depends on the optical path difference (OPD), which is a function of the film's thickness (d), its refractive index (n), the angle of incidence (θ), and the wavelength of light (λ). For near-normal incidence, the OPD is approximately 2nd. A crucial detail is the π phase shift (or half-wavelength shift) that occurs when light reflects off a boundary from a lower-index to a higher-index medium; this simulator correctly accounts for this condition. The resulting intensity for a given wavelength is governed by I = I₀ cos²(δ/2), where δ = (2π/λ) * OPD + π. The simulator shows the resulting colored fringes as the thickness varies, mapping the cos² function to visible colors via an additive RGB model based on the spectral intensity distribution I(λ). Key simplifications include assuming perfectly coherent, monochromatic light sources for the underlying calculation, ignoring effects of multiple reflections within the film (a valid approximation for low-reflectivity films), and modeling the wedge with a linear thickness gradient. By interacting with the controls for n, d, and θ, students learn to predict fringe spacing, understand how colors arise from constructive and destructive interference of different wavelengths, and directly see the relationship between optical path difference and observed intensity.

Who it's for: Undergraduate physics or engineering students studying wave optics, particularly the chapter on interference. It is also valuable for advanced high school students in AP Physics or IB courses.

Key terms

Thin-Film Interference
Optical Path Difference
Phase Shift
Constructive Interference
Destructive Interference
Refractive Index
Wedge Fringes
Coherence
How it works
Light reflected from the top and bottom surfaces of a transparent film can interfere. The optical path difference is approximately 2 n d cos θ_f inside the film (θ_f from Snell’s law). A wedge-shaped film produces rainbow-like fringes as d changes; turning the incidence angle or adding an extra π from reflection boundary conditions shifts the fringe pattern.

Key equations
n sin θ_f = sin θ (air → film)
δ = 4π n d cos θ_f / λ + δ_extra · I ∝ cos²(δ/2)
Frequently asked questions
Why are the fringes straight and parallel in a wedge?
In an ideal wedge, the thickness (d) changes linearly along its length. Each fringe corresponds to a line of constant thickness where the optical path difference satisfies the condition for a maximum or minimum. Since lines of constant thickness are straight and parallel to the thin edge of the wedge, the resulting interference fringes are also straight and parallel.
Why do we see different colors instead of just bright and dark bands?
White light contains a continuous spectrum of wavelengths. For a given film thickness, some wavelengths interfere constructively (appear bright) while others interfere destructively (appear dim). Our eyes perceive the mixture of these enhanced and suppressed wavelengths as a specific color. This is why soap bubbles and oil slicks show vibrant colors, not just black and white.
What is the role of the 'π phase shift' mentioned in the model?
The π phase shift (equivalent to a half-wavelength path difference) occurs when light reflects off a boundary going from a medium with a lower refractive index to one with a higher index (e.g., from air to film). This extra shift flips the conditions for constructive and destructive interference. Without accounting for it, the predictions for bright and dark fringes would be incorrect. The simulator includes this shift automatically.
Does this simulator model all real-world thin films perfectly?
No, it makes several simplifying assumptions. It uses a two-beam interference approximation, which is excellent for films with low reflectivity (like soap films). It does not account for effects like absorption in the film, divergence of the light beam, or the precise polarization of light, which can influence real-world interference patterns.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 50 in Optics & Light.

View category →
New
School
Newton’s Rings
Launch Simulator
Spherical lens on flat glass: air-film thickness fringes; optional π phase on reflection.

New
University / research
Michelson Interferometer
Launch Simulator
I(Δ) = V cos²(πΔ/λ); tilt fringes; coherence length envelope.

New
University / research
Mach–Zehnder Interferometer
Launch Simulator
Two-beam recombination; I ∝ cos²(πΔ/λ) vs one-arm OPD; schematic + fringe plot.

New
School
Anti-Reflection Coating
Launch Simulator
Air–film–glass at normal incidence: R(λ) from two-interface interference; quarter-wave design.

New
University / research
Holography (Recording principle)
Launch Simulator
Toy 2D interference |E_ref + E_obj|²: fringes encode phase; readout diffraction not simulated.

New
School
Laser Speckle
Launch Simulator
Random phased waves: |Σ e^{i(k·r+φ)}|² grain pattern (qualitative).

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact


PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Gravity & Orbits
/
Schwarzschild Orbit Precession (Rosette)
Schwarzschild Orbit Precession (Rosette)
Schwarzschild geodesic in the φ-form d²u/dφ² + u = 1/L² + 3u² (G = c = M = 1) integrated by RK4. The closed Newtonian ellipse is replaced by an orange precessing rosette with apsidal advance Δφ ≈ 6πM/[a(1 − e²)] per orbit — the same mechanism that produces the historic 43″/century perihelion shift of Mercury. Horizon r = 2M and ISCO r = 6M annotated.

Geodesic
Angular momentum L (M)
3.5

Eccentricity at periapsis
0.5

Orbits
4

Restart body
In Schwarzschild geometry the orbit equation gains a 3u² term: d²u/dφ² + u = 1/L² + 3u² with u = 1/r, c = G = M = 1. The closed Newtonian ellipse is replaced by a precessing rosette with apsidal advance Δφ ≈ 6πM/[a(1−e²)] per orbit — the textbook GR test that delivers the historic 43″/century perihelion advance of Mercury. Compare the gray Newton ellipse and the orange GR rosette; both share L and the initial periapsis, isolating the GR effect.

Measured values
a (M)
16.3333
Δφ theory
88.163°
Δφ RK4
761.278°

About this model
Test-particle motion in the Schwarzschild metric is integrated in the φ-form d²u/dφ² + u = 1/L² + 3u² with G = c = M = 1 and u = 1/r, using RK4. The Newtonian closed ellipse becomes an orange precessing rosette; the apsidal advance per radial period is Δφ ≈ 6πM/[a(1 − e²)], the same GR effect behind Mercury’s historic 43″/century perihelion shift. Horizon r = 2M and ISCO r = 6M are annotated. Assumptions: geodesic motion of a test mass, Schwarzschild (non-spinning) spacetime, and geometric units—no radiation reaction. Vary orbital parameters to compare nearly Newtonian ellipses with strongly precessing rosettes near the hole.

Who it's for: Advanced undergraduate and graduate general relativity and relativistic astrophysics courses.

Key terms

Schwarzschild geodesic
perihelion precession
apsidal advance
rosette orbit
ISCO
event horizon
How it works
Schwarzschild orbit equation d²u/dφ² + u = 1/L² + 3u² integrated by RK4 (G = c = M = 1). The orange GR geodesic precesses by Δφ ≈ 6πM/[a(1−e²)] per orbit — the same mechanism that produces the famous 43″/century perihelion advance of Mercury. A gray Newtonian ellipse is overplotted to isolate the GR correction; ISCO (r = 6M) and horizon (r = 2M) are marked.

Frequently asked questions
Why does the ellipse fail to close?
The extra 3u² term in the orbit equation is a GR correction absent from Newtonian 1/r potentials. It advances the periapsis each radial period so the tip of the ellipse slowly rotates, drawing a rosette. This is spacetime curvature, not a classical inverse-cube ‘extra force’ in flat space—though the math looks similar in the u(φ) equation.
How is this related to Mercury’s 43″/century?
The weak-field limit of Δφ ≈ 6πM/[a(1 − e²)] per orbit, accumulated over a century for Mercury’s a and e, yields about 43 arcseconds after other Newtonian perturbations are removed. The simulator shows the strong-field version of that same mechanism in geometric units.
What do r = 2M and r = 6M mark?
r = 2M is the Schwarzschild event horizon; timelike circular orbits do not exist stably down to the horizon. The innermost stable circular orbit sits at r = 6M for a non-spinning hole—inside that, circular orbits are unstable. The annotations orient the rosette relative to those scales.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 27 in Gravity & Orbits.

View category →
New
University / research
Mercury Perihelion Precession
Launch Simulator
GR Δω per orbit vs Newton; ~43″/century readout; amplified animation.

New
University / research
Gravitational Wave Binary Chirp (Inspiral)
Launch Simulator
Leading-order post-Newtonian inspiral of a compact binary: f(τ) ∝ τ^(−3/8), strain h(t) ∝ M_c^(5/3) f^(2/3) / D_L. Tune component masses m₁, m₂ and luminosity distance D_L; live h(t) and f(t) traces with the orbiting bodies on the side. The chirp mass M_c = (m₁m₂)^(3/5)/(m₁+m₂)^(1/5) is the very quantity LIGO/Virgo measures from the early inspiral; the frequency freezes at the Schwarzschild ISCO.

New
University / research
Three-Body Figure-Eight
Launch Simulator
Equal masses: Chenciner–Montgomery choreography in 2D (RK4, periodic orbit).

New
University / research
ISCO & Photon Sphere (V_eff)
Launch Simulator
Schwarzschild effective potential V_eff(r) for massive (timelike) and photon (null) test particles in geometric units. Sliding angular momentum L collapses the stable / unstable circular pair into the innermost stable circular orbit r_ISCO = 6M (the inner edge of accretion discs); for photons the unstable photon sphere r = 3M defines the inner ring of black-hole shadow images.

New
University / research
Oberth Effect
Launch Simulator
Same prograde Δv at peri vs apo on one ellipse; higher ε when burning deep.

New
School
Earth–Moon Barycenter Wobble
Launch Simulator
Heliocentric path of Earth’s center: barycentric ellipse plus lunar epicycle (exaggerated).

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Schwarzschild Orbit Precession (Rosette) — Simulator | PhysSandbox

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Astronomy & The Sky
/
Big Bang Nucleosynthesis (BBN)
Big Bang Nucleosynthesis (BBN)
Light-element abundance curves H, ⁴He, D, ³He, ⁷Li vs cosmic time / temperature. Weak freeze-out, neutron decay gap, deuterium bottleneck → Y_p ≈ 0.245. Slide η₁₀ and N_eff over the classic BBN curves; observed values overlaid.

BBN parameters
η₁₀ (10¹⁰ × n_b/n_γ)
6.1

N_eff (effective neutrinos)
3.046

Planck CMB (η₁₀=6.1, N_eff=3.046)
Low η₁₀ = 2 (D high)
High η₁₀ = 12 (D low, Li7 high)
N_eff = 4 (one extra ν)
Reset to Planck fiducial
Shortcuts

Slide η₁₀ to see how the surviving abundance of D drops as you add more baryons
Measured values
Y_p (He-4 mass)
0.2486
D / H
2.532×10⁻⁵
³He / H
1.040×10⁻⁵
⁷Li / H
1.86×10⁻¹⁰
(n/p)_freeze ≈ exp(−Q/T_F)
0.199
(n/p) at BBN onset
0.150
Y_p from 2(n/p)/(1+n/p)
0.261
Ω_b h² (from η₁₀)
0.0224

About this model
Light-element Big Bang nucleosynthesis (BBN) curves track mass fractions of H, ⁴He, D, ³He, and ⁷Li versus cosmic time and temperature. Weak freeze-out sets the n/p ratio; a neutron-decay gap follows; then the deuterium bottleneck delays fusion until T is low enough for D to survive photodissociation, after which ⁴He locks most neutrons into Y_p ≈ 0.245. Sliders η₁₀ (baryon-to-photon ratio ×10¹⁰) and N_eff (effective neutrino species) shift the classic abundance curves, with observed bands overlaid. The network is pedagogical: incomplete reaction rates, no full nuclear Monte Carlo, and no stellar astration modeling. Vary η₁₀ and N_eff to see how helium and deuterium respond — the classic probe of early-universe expansion and baryon density.

Who it's for: Cosmology and nuclear astrophysics courses covering BBN abundances and early-universe parameters.

Key terms

Big Bang nucleosynthesis
helium mass fraction
deuterium bottleneck
baryon-to-photon ratio
N_eff
weak freeze-out
How it works
Big-Bang nucleosynthesis (BBN) — within the first ~3 minutes the universe forged the bulk of its primordial light elements. Watch the n/p ratio drop from equilibrium toward freeze-out at T_F ≈ 0.8 MeV, decay slowly through neutron β-decay, and then suddenly lock into He-4 when the deuterium bottleneck breaks at T ≈ 0.07 MeV. Trace amounts of D, ³He and ⁷Li survive. The asymptotic abundances depend almost only on the baryon-to-photon ratio η₁₀ (and a little on the effective neutrino number N_eff) — moving the slider walks you across the famous BBN curves and explains why measuring just D/H in distant quasars or Y_p in HII regions pins down Ω_b h² independently of the CMB. Right-edge ticks mark the observationally inferred values; note the long-standing ⁷Li discrepancy.

Key equations
T(t) = (1.32 s·MeV²)^{1/2} / √t (radiation era)
(n/p)_eq = exp(−Q/T), Q = m_n − m_p = 1.293 MeV
Y_p ≈ 2(n/p) / (1 + n/p) at BBN onset
D/H ∝ η₁₀^{−1.6}, ³He/H ∝ η₁₀^{−0.6}, ⁷Li/H : U-shape vs η
Frequently asked questions
Why is most helium already set by BBN?
Once deuterium forms past the bottleneck, nearly all available neutrons are quickly assembled into ⁴He. That yields Y_p ≈ 0.25 with only weak dependence on later stellar processing for the primordial floor. Stars make more metals and some helium, but the bulk cosmic ⁴He fraction is a Big Bang relic.
What does increasing η₁₀ do to deuterium?
Higher baryon density means more efficient burning of D into heavier nuclei, so residual deuterium falls steeply with η₁₀. Helium Y_p rises only mildly. That is why measured primordial D/H is a sharp baryometer. A misconception is that all light elements scale the same way with η — they do not.
How does N_eff change the curves?
Extra radiation speeds early expansion, freezing a higher n/p ratio and typically raising Y_p while shifting freeze-out timing. The simulator’s N_eff slider shows that expansion-rate lever next to η₁₀. Full neutrino decoupling physics is simplified; treat the curves as standard pedagogical BBN trends with observed values marked for comparison.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 51 in Astronomy & The Sky.

View category →
New
School
Supernova Light Curves
Launch Simulator
Schematic Ia rise/decay vs II-P plateau; standard-candle note.

New
School
Nuclear Binding Curve
Launch Simulator
Qualitative B/A vs A with fusion/fission context.

New
University / research
CMB Power Spectrum (Acoustic Peaks)
Launch Simulator
Cosmic Microwave Background temperature D_ℓ vs ℓ with Sakharov peaks: tune Ω_b h², Ω_c h², n_s, A_s, τ, h and watch the parity flip between odd / even peaks, the Silk damping tail, and the Sachs–Wolfe plateau move. Pedagogical parametric ΛCDM model.

New
University / research
Pair Production Threshold & σ(E_γ)
Launch Simulator
Pair creation channels γ + nucleus → e⁺e⁻ (Bethe–Heitler, σ ∝ Z²), the higher-threshold triplet γ + e⁻ → e⁻e⁺e⁻, and Breit–Wheeler γγ → e⁺e⁻ that limits TeV photons against the cosmic background. Live threshold marker, log-σ curve, and material presets (H, C, Al, Cu, Pb) make the 1.022 MeV / 4 m_e c² thresholds intuitive.

New
University / research
Hydrogen Saha Equilibrium (recombination)
Launch Simulator
n_p n_e / n_H vs T and ionized fraction X; steep Boltzmann knee ~3000 K scale (density dependent).

New
University / research
Neutron star TOV: toy M–R (polytrope)
Launch Simulator
Schwarzschild TOV for polytropes n = 1 or 3/2; K normalized so the ρ_c scan peaks near ~2 M☉ (schematic only).

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Big Bang Nucleosynthesis (BBN) — Simulator | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Chemistry
/
β⁻ Decay: Electron Spectrum
β⁻ Decay: Electron Spectrum
Continuous kinetic-energy spectrum up to endpoint Q (allowed-decay phase space); missing energy carried by the antineutrino.

Allowed β⁻ spectrum
Endpoint Q (max electron T)
1.2 MeV

Toy Fermi phase space for an allowed decay: dΓ/dE ∝ p (Q−E)² with relativistic p = √(E² + 2 m_e E). Coulomb correction F(Z,E) is omitted. The yellow line marks the endpoint E = Q.

Measured values
Q (endpoint)
1.200MeV
⟨E⟩ (shape)
0.4204MeV

About this model
In β⁻ decay a nucleus emits an electron and an electron antineutrino, sharing energy and momentum with the recoiling daughter. For an allowed transition the electron kinetic-energy spectrum is continuous from zero up to an endpoint Q (the maximum electron kinetic energy when the antineutrino carries essentially none). A standard Fermi “golden rule” phase-space cartoon gives dΓ/dE ∝ p (Q − E)² with relativistic electron momentum p(E) = √(E² + 2 m_e c² E). Coulomb distortion F(Z,E) near the nucleus is omitted here, so the curve is schematic but shows the key qualitative shape: rising from threshold, peaking, then falling to zero at E = Q. The mean kinetic energy ⟨E⟩ for the displayed shape is shown for comparison when you change Q.

Who it's for: Modern physics and introductory nuclear physics courses discussing neutrinos, lepton number, and kinematics of three-body decay.

Key terms

Beta Decay
Fermi Golden Rule
Endpoint Energy
Antineutrino
Continuous Spectrum
How it works
Electron kinetic-energy spectrum in β⁻ decay is continuous up to an endpoint Q: the antineutrino carries the missing energy and momentum — Pauli’s 1930 hypothesis, confirmed by experiment.

Frequently asked questions
Why is the spectrum not symmetric around Q/2?
The (Q − E)² factor favors lower electron energies because more phase space opens when the light antineutrino takes more energy; the electron momentum factor p(E) also shapes the low-energy rise. Real nuclei add a Coulomb correction that modifies the low-energy end.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 65 in Chemistry.

View category →
New
University / research
Wigner Function (Coherent vs Squeezed)
Launch Simulator
Phase-space quasi-probability W(x, p) for a single-mode Gaussian quantum state: coherent |α⟩, displaced-squeezed D(α)S(ξ)|0⟩, and thermal. The 1σ ellipse rotates by half the squeeze phase θ/2 and shrinks below the vacuum floor along one quadrature — the basic picture of CV quantum optics.

New
University / research
Kronig–Penney Bands & Brillouin Zone
Launch Simulator
Periodic δ-comb model of a 1-D crystal: cos(ka) = cos(qa) + (P/qa) sin(qa). Find allowed energy bands and forbidden gaps from the |·|≤1 corridor, then watch each band fold into the first Brillouin zone k ∈ ±π/a. Free-electron parabola overlaid for reference.

New
University / research
Quantum Well Eigenstates (Box & HO)
Launch Simulator
Stationary ψ_n and |ψ_n|² for infinite square well or harmonic oscillator; optional phase animation (ℏ = 1).

New
University / research
Graphene Tight-Binding Band Structure
Launch Simulator
Honeycomb π tight binding: E(k) along Γ–M–K–Γ, Dirac cones at K and K′ when Δ=0, gap 2Δ from sublattice stagger, and a Brillouin-zone energy map.

New
University / research
Coherent State |α⟩ in a Harmonic Oscillator
Launch Simulator
Animated Gaussian wavefunction of a coherent state |α⟩ in a 1-D harmonic well: rigid σ = 1/√2 packet whose centroid traces the classical orbit ⟨x⟩(t) = √2|α|cos(ωt − φ_α). Side-by-side phase space, |ψ(x,t)|², and ⟨x⟩(t) trace.

New
School
Binary Phase Diagram & Lever Rule
Launch Simulator
Isomorphous A–B T–x diagram: liquidus, solidus, tie line, and lever-rule phase fractions f_α and f_L for overall composition C₀.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
β⁻ Decay: Electron Spectrum — Simulator | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Chemistry
/
Graphene Tight-Binding Band Structure
Graphene Tight-Binding Band Structure
Honeycomb π tight binding: E(k) along Γ–M–K–Γ, Dirac cones at K and K′ when Δ=0, gap 2Δ from sublattice stagger, and a Brillouin-zone energy map.

Graphene π tight-binding
C–C distance a
0.94

Hopping τ
1.7

Sublattice stagger Δ
0

Pristine (Δ = 0)Open gap (Δ = 0.5τ)Large gap (Δ = τ)Hide cone hint
Nearest-neighbor tight binding on a honeycomb lattice: φ(k)=e^{iak_y}+2e^{-iak_y/2}cos(√3ak_x/2). Bands E_±=±√(Δ²+τ²|φ|²) with onsite energies ±Δ on the two sublattices. At K and K′, |φ|=0 → Dirac cones when Δ=0; finite Δ opens a gap 2Δ. Fermi velocity v_F≈(3/2)τa near the cone tips.

Measured values
Gap at K, K′
0.000
Fermi velocity v_F
2.397
|φ| at K
0.0000
τ
1.70
Δ
0.00

About this model
Graphene’s low-energy physics is captured by nearest-neighbor tight binding on a honeycomb lattice with two sublattices A and B. With nearest-neighbor vectors (0,a) and (±√3a/2,−a/2), the structure factor φ(k) = e^{iak_y} + 2e^{-iak_y/2} cos(√3 a k_x/2) vanishes at the Dirac points K and K′, producing linear π and π* bands E_±(k) = ±√(Δ² + τ²|φ(k)|²) when sublattice onsite energies ±Δ are included. Pristine graphene (Δ = 0) has touching cones with Fermi velocity v_F ≈ (3/2)τa; a finite stagger opens a gap 2Δ at K and K′ because |φ| = 0 there. This simulator plots E(k) along the standard path Γ → M → K → Γ, colors the π band in the first Brillouin zone, and marks K and K′. It is a two-band, single-π-orbital model — no next-nearest hopping, trigonal warping, or spin–orbit coupling.

Who it's for: Advanced undergraduate or graduate students in condensed-matter or solid-state physics after Bloch’s theorem and before the quantum Hall effect or bilayer graphene.

Key terms

Graphene
Honeycomb lattice
Tight-binding model
Dirac cone
Brillouin zone
Band gap
Fermi velocity
How it works
Graphene tight-binding band structure on a honeycomb lattice: π and π* bands along Γ–M–K–Γ, Dirac cones at K and K′ when Δ=0, and a tunable gap from sublattice staggered potential Δ.

Frequently asked questions
Why are there two Dirac points K and K′?
The honeycomb Brillouin zone has two inequivalent corners related by inversion. Time-reversal symmetry pairs them; each hosts a linear band crossing when Δ = 0.
What opens the band gap?
A staggered sublattice potential (e.g. on h-BN substrate or in biased bilayer) sets ε_A = −Δ and ε_B = +Δ. At K and K′ where |φ(k)| = 0, the gap is 2Δ independent of hopping τ.
What is φ(k)?
It is the sum of phase factors from the three nearest-neighbor hoppings between A and B sites. Its magnitude sets the band splitting away from the Dirac points.
Is this quantitative for real graphene?
Only qualitatively. Real graphene needs fitted τ and a ≈ 1.42 Å, includes trigonal warping and interactions; this page teaches the canonical two-band Dirac physics.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 65 in Chemistry.

View category →
New
University / research
Bloch Oscillations & Wannier–Stark Ladder
Launch Simulator
1-D tight-binding electron in uniform field E: semiclassical k(t), Bloch-periodic x(t), and finite-chain Wannier–Stark ladder with spacing ≈ eEa.

New
University / research
Kronig–Penney Bands & Brillouin Zone
Launch Simulator
Periodic δ-comb model of a 1-D crystal: cos(ka) = cos(qa) + (P/qa) sin(qa). Find allowed energy bands and forbidden gaps from the |·|≤1 corridor, then watch each band fold into the first Brillouin zone k ∈ ±π/a. Free-electron parabola overlaid for reference.

New
University / research
Anderson Localization (1D Tight-Binding)
Launch Simulator
Random onsite disorder W on a 1-D chain: diagonalize H, plot |ψ|² eigenstates, IPR vs energy, and localization length estimates (RMS and exponential fit).

New
University / research
Phonon Dispersion: 1-D Mass–Spring Chain
Launch Simulator
Monoatomic ω = 2√(K/m)|sin(ka/2)| or diatomic acoustic/optical branches from alternating masses; ω(k) and group velocity v_g = dω/dk in the first Brillouin zone with animated lattice snapshot.

New
University / research
β⁻ Decay: Electron Spectrum
Launch Simulator
Continuous kinetic-energy spectrum up to endpoint Q (allowed-decay phase space); missing energy carried by the antineutrino.

New
School
Born–Haber Cycle (NaCl & CaO)
Launch Simulator
Step ΔH° table and enthalpy ladder; lattice energy U = Σ(gas-ion steps) − ΔH_f°.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Graphene Tight-Binding Band Structure — Simulator | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
/
Earthquake Aftershocks: Omori + Gutenberg-Richter
Earthquake Aftershocks: Omori + Gutenberg-Richter
Modified Omori aftershock decay n(t)=K/(t+c)^p combined with Gutenberg-Richter magnitude-frequency curves, b-value, and a synthetic catalog.

Omori law
Productivity K
95

Early-time offset c
0.18 d

Decay exponent p
1.08

Catalog window
30 d

Probe day
3 d

Gutenberg-Richter
b-value
0.95

Completeness Mc
2.5 M

Display Mmax
6.4 M

Omori controls how aftershock rate decays with time; Gutenberg-Richter controls how many small events occur relative to large ones. The catalog is deterministic for display, not a forecast.

Measured values
Expected N
458
Rate at probe
27.2/d
Expected largest M
5.3
Displayed events
458
Real operational aftershock forecasts include spatial kernels, mainshock magnitude scaling, catalog incompleteness, and uncertainty. This page isolates the two classic empirical laws so their slopes and time scales are easy to read.

Live graphs

About this model
Aftershock sequences are often summarized by two empirical laws. The modified Omori law n(t)=K/(t+c)^p describes how the event rate decays after the mainshock; integrating it gives the expected cumulative number N(t). The Gutenberg-Richter relation log10 N(M>=m)=a-bm describes how magnitudes are distributed, with b-value controlling the relative abundance of small and large events. This simulator plots rate and cumulative curves, a deterministic synthetic catalog, and the magnitude-frequency line. It is a teaching diagnostic rather than an operational forecast: no spatial kernels, mainshock scaling, catalog incompleteness correction, branching ETAS triggering, or uncertainty bands are included.

Who it's for: Seismology, natural hazards, statistics, or introductory geophysics modules.

Key terms

Omori law
Gutenberg-Richter law
b-value
Aftershock rate
Magnitude-frequency distribution
How it works
Aftershock sequence sketch combining modified Omori decay n(t)=K/(t+c)^p with the Gutenberg-Richter magnitude-frequency relation log10 N=a-bM.

Key equations
n(t) = K / (t + c)^p; N(t) = integral n(t) dt
log10 N(M >= m) = a - b m; larger b means relatively more small events
Frequently asked questions
Does this predict the next aftershock?
No. It shows expected rates and frequency distributions from simple empirical laws. Individual aftershocks are stochastic and operational models require uncertainty and spatial information.
What does a larger b-value mean?
A larger b-value steepens the magnitude-frequency curve, meaning relatively more small events and fewer large events above the completeness magnitude.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 50 in Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience.

View category →
New
University / research
Pharmacokinetics: 1-/2-Compartment
Launch Simulator
Linear IV PK simulator: bolus, infusion, and repeated dosing; central/peripheral concentration curves, terminal half-life, AUC, Cmax/Cmin, loading dose, and maintenance rate.

New
School
Flood Frequency (Gumbel)
Launch Simulator
Annual maxima ~ Gumbel EV1: return period T, exceedance probability, design flood x_T, and method-of-moments fit to a synthetic sample.

New
University / research
SIR Vaccination Threshold
Launch Simulator
Herd-immunity threshold simulator: R_eff = R0(1-v), SIR outbreak curves, peak infected, and final size vs vaccine coverage.

New
University / research
Dose-Response & Hill Curves
Launch Simulator
Pharmacologic Hill E(C): EC50/IC50, Hill slope nH, agonist vs antagonist shifts, and therapeutic-window sketch (ED50 vs TD50).

New
University / research
Enzyme Inhibition Kinetics
Launch Simulator
Competitive, noncompetitive, and uncompetitive inhibition: Michaelis-Menten curves, apparent Km/Vmax shifts, and a Lineweaver-Burk sketch.

New
University / research
Leslie Matrix Age-Structured Population
Launch Simulator
Fertility and survival matrix model: total population trajectory, dominant eigenvalue lambda, and stable age distribution.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Earthquake Aftershocks: Omori + Gutenberg-Richter — Simulator | PhysSandbox

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Classical Mechanics
⚙️
Classical Mechanics
Projectile motion, forces, energy, collisions, and rotational dynamics

85 simulators
Start here: hand-picked entry points that match this category.

Projectile Motion
Force Diagram Builder
Energy Conservation
Simple Pendulum
Double Pendulum
Vortex Ring (Smoke Ring)
All
Kids
School
University / research
Featured
School
Projectile Motion
Launch projectiles with adjustable angle, velocity, and gravity. Trace parabolic paths with real-time graphs.

New
Featured
University / research
Double Pendulum
Mesmerizing chaotic motion with path tracing.

School
Circular Motion
Object on a string with centripetal acceleration and force vectors.

New
School
Particle Life
Six types, pairwise matrix forces on a torus — clusters, worms, foam presets.

New
University / research
Rocket Propulsion
Variable mass: thrust ṁu, Tsiolkovsky Δv, vertical launch with gravity.

School
Free Fall
Drop objects of different masses with optional air resistance. Prove Galileo right.

Featured
School
Force Diagram Builder
Place objects, add force vectors, see net force and resulting acceleration.

Kids
Buoyancy Simulator
Drop objects in water. Float or sink based on density.

School
Relative Motion
Boat crossing a river, plane in wind. Vector addition visualization.

New
School
Simple Machines
Wedge, wheel & axle, and screw: ideal mechanical advantage vs geometry.

School
Friction Simulator
Static vs kinetic friction with adjustable coefficient.

Featured
School
Energy Conservation
Ball on a roller coaster track with real-time KE, PE, and total energy bars.

New
School
Lever Classes
1st / 2nd / 3rd class: arms, τ about fulcrum, MA vs Torque & Balance.

School
Inclined Plane
Adjust angle and friction. See force components and resulting motion.

New
School
Maxwell Wheel
Disk on a thin axle unwinds string: shared linear and rotational kinetic energy from falling potential, a ≈ g / (1 + I/(mr²)).

Featured
School
Simple Pendulum
Adjust length, mass, and gravity. Observe period and damping effects.

School
2D Collisions
Billiard-ball style collisions with adjustable angles.

New
Kids
Newton's Cradle
Conservation of momentum and energy visualized with swinging balls.

School
Elevator Physics
Person on a scale in an elevator. See apparent weight change.

New
University / research
Quarter-Car Suspension
¼-vehicle vertical model: sprung vs unsprung masses, Kₛ, Cₛ, tire Kₜ, sinusoidal road — RK4 time histories.

New
School
Hydraulic Press
Pascal: same pressure, large piston → large force. F₂ = F₁·A₂/A₁.

New
School
Spring Pendulum
2D elastic pendulum: swing and spring stretch together — energy swaps between modes; try chaotic-looking presets.

New
School
Magnus Effect (Ball)
Same v₀ and θ with vs without spin: toy a = (kωv_y, −g − kωv_x); range comparison.

School
Atwood Machine
Two masses on a pulley. Adjust masses to see acceleration and tension.

School
Spring-Mass System
Simple harmonic motion with adjustable spring constant and damping.

New
University / research
Vortex Ring (Smoke Ring)
Self-propelling toroidal vortex shown as a 2D cross-section: counter-rotating Lamb–Oseen pair drifts at V_self ≈ Γ/(4πa).

New
School
Trebuchet
Counterweight-driven beam: torque launches a projectile at a chosen release angle. Explore range vs masses and arm lengths.

New
School
Car on a Curve
Flat: v_max = √(μgR), F_c vs μmg. Banked ideal: tan θ = v²/(gR). Top view + wedge.

School
Uniform vs Accelerated Motion
Compare constant velocity and accelerating objects side by side.

New
School
Rolling & Sliding Disk
No-slip v = ωR vs sliding: translational vs rotational KE, disk vs hoop inertia.

School
Torque & Balance
Beam on a fulcrum. Place weights to balance or tip.

New
School
Coupled Oscillators
Two masses, three springs: normal modes ωₛ, ωₐ and beats.

School
1D Collisions
Elastic and inelastic collisions with momentum and energy tracking.

New
School
Blocks & Tackle
n supporting strands, same rope tension T, ideal MA = n, F = T.

New
School
Wall Bounce
2D box: frictionless walls, restitution e, optional gravity. Trails and kinetic energy graph.

New
Kids
Slinky Drop (Springs)
1D chain: release top anchor; bottom lags until stress wave — toy masses & k.

New
University / research
Water Hammer (1D)
Linearized P,V waves; valve closes; Joukowsky ΔP ≈ ρaV hint.

New
School
Communicating Vessels & Manometer
Hydrostatic balance, U-tube ΔP = ρgΔh, and inclined-tube vertical head.

New
School
Angular Momentum
Two masses on a rod: I = 2mr², change r or m and watch ω adjust to keep L constant.

New
School
Center of Mass System
2–4 bodies or rod: R_cm, V_cm; explosion with ΣΔp = 0; |P| and |V_cm| graphs.

New
University / research
Gyroscope Precession
Gravity torque τ = mgd, spin L = Iω, steady precession Ω ≈ τ/L — schematic 3D view.

New
University / research
Bicycle Stability (2D)
Side view: roll dynamics with fork trail and gyroscopic wheel torques — see speed, trail, and ω = v/R vs lean.

New
School
Conical Pendulum
Steady cone: ω(θ,L), T and mg vectors, T_rev vs simple-pendulum T₀.

New
Kids
Rubber Sheet & Ball
Sheet height ∝ −Σm/r; ball rolls along −∇h — embedding metaphor, not GR.

New
School
Ballistic Pendulum
Bullet hits block: embedded vs e; ω₀ = v/L, θ_max, energy graph.

New
School
Pendulum Collision
Two bobs: hit along normal, e elastic; θ¨ between hits vs 1D collisions.

New
School
Coriolis Effect
Puck on a rotating platform: curved path in the rotating frame vs straight line inertial.

New
Kids
Woodpecker Toy
Stick–slip sleeve on a rod: static hold, spring loading, then kinetic slip — a qualitative hop cycle.

New
School
Physical Pendulum (Rod)
Thin uniform rod: pivot along L, I and T(δ), equivalent length L_eq.

New
School
Huygens Pendulum Sync
Two pendula + κ(θ₁−θ₂) on shared beam; phases drift toward lock.

New
School
Bernoulli Flow
Pipe narrows: speed up, pressure down. Continuity + Bernoulli.

New
University / research
Faraday Waves
Vertical parametric drive of a thin liquid layer: Mathieu sub-harmonic instability locks stripes, squares or hexagons.

New
School
Inclined Plane: Work & η
W = F·s, friction and gravity work, ΔU, efficiency η = ΔU/W_F; slide-down preset.

New
School
Forced Oscillator
Driven damped harmonic oscillator: transients, resonance curve A(ω).

New
School
Yo-Yo Dynamics
Unwinding string: a = g/(1+I/mr²), T, α, optional friction torque τ.

New
School
Oblique Wall Impact
One tilted segment: e, angles to normal n, open boundaries vs closed Wall Bounce.

New
School
Spring Work (F–x)
F = kx graph, shaded W = area = ½kx²; U(x) curve vs Spring-Mass dynamics.

New
School
Slide to Stop
Initial velocity on a rough table: constant μ_k g decel, time and distance to rest.

New
School
1D Force Field
U(x) presets, F = −U′, bead on potential, phase (x,v) and E(t).

New
School
Capstan (Rope on Cylinder)
T₂ = T₁ e^{μφ}: μ, wrap angle φ, top view + T₂/T₁ vs φ graph.

New
University / research
Cart & Inverted Pendulum
Horizontal force on a cart with a hinged rod: coupled (M+m)ẍ and mL²θ̈ integrated for manual balancing.

New
School
Forearm Lever (class 3)
Elbow fulcrum, load at hand, muscle moment arm — torque estimate.

New
University / research
Rayleigh–Taylor Instability
Heavy fluid above light: Fourier modes grow as exp(σt) with σ = √(A g k); mushrooming fingers reach down.

New
University / research
Airfoil Streamlines (Joukowski)
Potential flow over a Joukowski airfoil: stream-function bands with the Kutta condition fixing circulation.

New
School
Block Stack & Friction
Pull the bottom block in a vertical stack: spring-like links with friction caps show who slips — compare with rigid-stack estimates.

New
School
Rutherford Scattering
Repulsive 1/r² orbit sketch vs impact parameter and energy.

New
School
Catenary Cable
Uniform chain between level anchors: y ∝ cosh(x/a); sag, arc length, tension directions.

New
University / research
Ideal Line Vortex
v_θ = Γ/(2πr) arrow field; circulation and potential flow cartoon.

New
University / research
Kapitza Pendulum
Pivot shakes vertically: fast driving can stabilize the inverted equilibrium — parametric pumping in θ̈ + (g/L) sin θ ≈ (Aω²/L) cos(ωt) s…

New
School
Chain Sliding Off Table
Uniform chain on a smooth edge: hanging weight pulls, friction on the tabletop resists. Watch when it slips and how acceleration grows wi…

New
Kids
Rattleback (Celt)
Chiral hull couples spin and rocking in a toy ODE: one rotation sense reverses after growing wobble.

New
School
Belt Drive & Slip
Two pulleys: tension difference limited by μ and wrap θ (e^{μθ}); load torque vs τ_max and simple slip on ω₂.

New
School
Boids (Flocking)
Separation, alignment, cohesion on a torus; cursor as predator cue.

New
School
Satellite Yo-Yo Despin
L = const: ω_f = ω_0(I+2mr_i²)/(I+2mL²) as tethers pay out from r_i to L.

New
School
Arch & Wedge Statics
Compressive thrust in a stone arch and wedge force resolution (schematic).

New
University / research
Poincaré Section (Double Pendulum)
(θ₁, ω₁) when sin θ₂ crosses 0 with ω₂>0; RK4, chaotic return map.

New
School
Fluid Surface (Accel / Spin)
Linear tank: tan α = a/g; rotating bucket: paraboloid sketch vs rpm.

New
University / research
Brachistochrone Race
Beads race down a line, a circular arc, and a cycloid with v = √(2gy); the cycloid wins the descent-time minimum.

New
University / research
Sliding Ladder
Frictionless wall and floor: θ̈ = −(3g/2L) cos θ; released from rest, wall contact is lost when sin θ = (2/3) sin θ₀.

New
School
Angle of Repose
1D sandpile lattice: avalanches relax until slopes stay below μ = tan α — compare the green guide line.

New
School
Rising Bubble (Archimedes)
Ideal-gas bubble expands as it rises (p = p_atm + ρgy); buoyancy vs weight + Stokes drag — depth and velocity graphs.

New
Kids
Tippe Top (Schematic)
Offset COM, friction at rim, spin — qualitative flip when μ is high enough vs spin.

New
School
Coupled Pendulum Chain
N pendula with neighbor springs in θ: watch traveling waves and reflections after a center kick.

New
School
Bridge Resonance (1-D mode)
Damped modal oscillator with harmonic drive: sweep ω near √(k/m) — presets for cadence-like and low-ζ peaks.

New
School
Foucault Pendulum (Sketch)
Ω_eff = Ω_E sin|λ| with time scale; top view rotating swing line.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Classical Mechanics Simulators | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Waves & Sound
/
Wave Packet & Dispersion
Wave Packet & Dispersion
Superpose cos(kx−ωt); ω=ck+αk²; spreading vs Wave on String PDE.

Pause
Reset t
Dispersion ω(k) = ck + αk²
c
1.2

α
0.06

Packet in k-space
k₀ (center)
4.2

Δk (spacing)
0.22

σ_k (Gaussian)
0.42

# modes
11

Time
Time scale
1.35×

Exact superposition of plane waves cos(kx − ωt) with a Gaussian envelope in k. Ideal string modes obey ω ∝ k (set α = 0); a quadratic term models dispersive media where group velocity v_g = dω/dk differs from phase velocity — the packet widens.

Shortcuts

Space / Enter — pause / resume
R — reset time
Measured values
v_phase at k₀
1.452
v_group at k₀
1.704
ω(k₀)
6.098

Live graphs
About this model
A wave packet, or wave group, is a localized disturbance formed by the superposition of many sinusoidal waves with different wavenumbers, k. This simulator visualizes the construction and evolution of such a packet. The core mathematical operation is a Fourier synthesis: the wave function Ψ(x,t) is calculated by summing (integrating) over a range of component plane waves, typically of the form cos(kx − ωt), each with a specific amplitude determined by a Gaussian distribution in k-space. The critical physics lies in the dispersion relation, ω(k), which connects the angular frequency ω of each component to its wavenumber. Here, we explore a general quadratic relation: ω = ck + αk². The constant 'c' is the phase velocity for a non-dispersive wave (when α=0), as described by the standard wave equation for an ideal string. The term 'αk²' introduces dispersion, meaning the phase velocity ω/k depends on k. When α ≠ 0, the different sinusoidal components travel at different speeds, causing the initially compact wave packet to spread, or disperse, over time. By comparing the cases α=0 (no spreading, simulating a wave on a string) and α>0 (positive dispersion, spreading), students directly observe the profound consequence of the dispersion relation on wave dynamics. Key principles demonstrated include the superposition principle, the concept of group velocity (the velocity of the packet's envelope), and the distinction between phase and group velocity. The model simplifies reality by considering a one-dimensional, lossless medium and a specific, analytic dispersion relation, allowing clear isolation of the dispersion effect.

Who it's for: Undergraduate physics and engineering students studying wave mechanics, particularly in courses covering Fourier analysis, wave packets, and dispersion in mediums like optics, quantum mechanics, or acoustics.

Key terms

Wave Packet
Dispersion Relation
Superposition Principle
Phase Velocity
Group Velocity
Fourier Synthesis
Wave Number (k)
Gaussian Envelope
How it works
Wave on a String in this lab solves a damped wave PDE with a driven boundary — good for propagation and reflections. This page instead builds a packet as a sum of sinusoids with a dispersion relation ω(k). When ω is linear in k (α = 0), the envelope travels unchanged; with α ≠ 0, components walk out of phase and the packet disperses.

Key equations
η(x,t) = Σₙ Aₙ cos(kₙx − ω(kₙ)t), ω(k) = ck + αk²
v_p = ω/k, v_g = dω/dk = c + 2αk
Frequently asked questions
What exactly is 'dispersion,' and does it happen in real life?
Dispersion occurs when waves of different frequencies travel at different speeds through a medium. This is a common real-world phenomenon. For example, a prism disperses white light into a rainbow because the glass has an index of refraction (which determines the wave speed) that depends on the light's frequency or color. Similarly, surface waves on deep water are dispersive, which is why ocean swells can travel vast distances while sorting themselves by wavelength.
Why does the wave packet spread when α is not zero?
When α ≠ 0, the dispersion relation ω(k) is not simply proportional to k. This means each sinusoidal component (each specific k) has a slightly different phase velocity. The constructive interference that creates the localized packet at time t=0 relies on a precise alignment of the peaks of all components. As time progresses, the faster-moving components pull ahead and the slower ones lag behind, destroying the precise alignment and causing the packet to widen while its overall amplitude decreases.
What does the 'Wave on String PDE' refer to, and why doesn't that wave spread?
It refers to the classic one-dimensional wave equation, ∂²Ψ/∂t² = c² ∂²Ψ/∂x². This partial differential equation (PDE) has a linear dispersion relation, ω = ck, where the phase velocity ω/k = c is constant for all k. Since all Fourier components travel at the identical speed c, the shape of any wave—whether a pulse or a packet—is preserved as it propagates, with no spreading. This is an idealization for a perfectly flexible, uniform string under tension.
What is the difference between phase velocity and group velocity?
Phase velocity (v_ph = ω/k) is the speed of a single sinusoidal wave's crests and troughs. Group velocity (v_gr = dω/dk) is the speed at which the overall envelope or 'group' of waves (the packet) propagates, and it's the velocity at which energy or information is carried. In a dispersive medium, these velocities are different. In this simulator, the peak of the Gaussian envelope moves at the group velocity.
Related simulators
Similar topics nearby (including related fields) — or browse all 37 in Waves & Sound.

View category →
New
School
Group & Phase Velocity
Launch Simulator
Two-wave beat: ω(k)=ck+αk²; v_g=Δω/Δk vs v_p=ω̄/k̄; envelope vs carrier.

New
University / research
Gaussian Wave Packet
Launch Simulator
Free spreading: σ(t) from dispersion with ℏ = m = 1; uncertainty intuition.

New
School
Water Wave Dispersion ω(k)
Launch Simulator
Shallow k√(gh), deep √(gk), full tanh(kh) — three curves.

New
School
Mach Cone (Schematic)
Launch Simulator
M = v/c > 1: Huygens pulses + cone sin μ = 1/M; not CFD shock.

New
School
Kelvin Ship Wake (Cusp Angle)
Launch Simulator
Deep-water wake V: arms at arcsin(1/3) ≈ 19.47° each side of the track (idealized).

School
Standing Waves
Launch Simulator
Find harmonics on a string. Nodes and antinodes highlighted.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Wave Packet & Dispersion — Simulator | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Chemistry
/
Coherent State |α⟩ in a Harmonic Oscillator
Coherent State |α⟩ in a Harmonic Oscillator
Animated Gaussian wavefunction of a coherent state |α⟩ in a 1-D harmonic well: rigid σ = 1/√2 packet whose centroid traces the classical orbit ⟨x⟩(t) = √2|α|cos(ωt − φ_α). Side-by-side phase space, |ψ(x,t)|², and ⟨x⟩(t) trace.

Pause
Coherent state |α⟩ in HO
|α|
1.8

φ_α (initial phase)
0°

Time speed
1×

Reset t = 0
Coherent state |α⟩ in a unit harmonic oscillator (ℏ = m = ω = 1). The Gaussian wavefunction has fixed width σ = 1/√2 and its peak rigidly oscillates as ⟨x⟩(t) = √2|α| cos(ωt − φ_α), the closest quantum analogue of a classical particle. Mean energy ⟨H⟩ = ℏω(|α|² + ½).

Measured values
⟨x⟩
-2.355
⟨p⟩
0.967
⟨H⟩ = ℏω(|α|²+½)
3.740
⟨n̂⟩ = |α|²
3.240

About this model
This lab animates a coherent state |α⟩ in a one-dimensional quantum harmonic oscillator. The wavefunction is a Gaussian of fixed width σ = 1/√2 (in oscillator units ħ = m = ω = 1) whose centroid follows the classical orbit ⟨x⟩(t) = √2 |α| cos(ωt − φ_α). Side-by-side views show the phase-space point, the probability density |ψ(x,t)|², and the time trace of ⟨x⟩(t). The model assumes a pure coherent state in an ideal harmonic well: no anharmonicity, no decoherence, and no squeezing. You vary |α| and the phase φ_α to change orbit radius and initial phase, and watch time evolution to see that the packet shape does not disperse while the mean follows classical harmonic motion.

Who it's for: Undergraduate and early graduate quantum mechanics and quantum optics courses introducing coherent states and the classical limit of the oscillator.

Key terms

Coherent state
Harmonic oscillator
Gaussian wave packet
Expectation value
Classical orbit
Phase space
How it works
A coherent state |α⟩ of the quantum harmonic oscillator: a minimum-uncertainty Gaussian whose centroid follows the classical orbit ⟨x⟩(t) = √2|α| cos(ωt − φ_α). Watch the wavefunction in real space, the rotating point in phase space, and the ⟨x⟩(t) trace simultaneously.

Frequently asked questions
Why does a coherent-state packet not spread like a free Gaussian?
In a harmonic oscillator the energy spacing is constant, so the relative phases of number components rephase every period. A coherent state is a minimum-uncertainty Gaussian matched to the oscillator ground-state width; the restoring potential keeps σ fixed at 1/√2 while the centroid oscillates. Free-space packets lack that potential and disperse.
Is ⟨x⟩(t) exactly classical?
For a coherent state in a purely harmonic well, Ehrenfest’s theorem gives closed equations for ⟨x⟩ and ⟨p⟩ identical to Newton’s laws, so ⟨x⟩(t) = √2 |α| cos(ωt − φ_α) matches the classical orbit. Anharmonic corrections would make quantum averages deviate from a single classical trajectory.
What if |α| is very small?
As |α| → 0 the state approaches the ground state |0⟩: the centroid sits at the origin and |ψ|² is the vacuum Gaussian. Finite |α| simply displaces that same-shaped packet along a larger classical ellipse; there is no threshold where quantum motion suddenly becomes classical.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 65 in Chemistry.

View category →
New
University / research
Quantum Well Eigenstates (Box & HO)
Launch Simulator
Stationary ψ_n and |ψ_n|² for infinite square well or harmonic oscillator; optional phase animation (ℏ = 1).

New
University / research
Wigner Function (Coherent vs Squeezed)
Launch Simulator
Phase-space quasi-probability W(x, p) for a single-mode Gaussian quantum state: coherent |α⟩, displaced-squeezed D(α)S(ξ)|0⟩, and thermal. The 1σ ellipse rotates by half the squeeze phase θ/2 and shrinks below the vacuum floor along one quadrature — the basic picture of CV quantum optics.

New
School
Particle in a 1D Box
Launch Simulator
Superposition of n=1 and n=2: time evolution of |Ψ|² and ⟨E⟩ (model units).

New
University / research
Hydrogen |ψ|² (xz slice)
Launch Simulator
Coulomb hydrogen Z=1: |R_nl|² × |Y_lm|² colormap in the xz plane for textbook n,l states.

New
University / research
Gaussian Wave Packet
Launch Simulator
Free spreading: σ(t) from dispersion with ℏ = m = 1; uncertainty intuition.

New
University / research
WKB / Bohr–Sommerfeld Quantization
Launch Simulator
Semiclassical bound-state energies for arbitrary V(x): harmonic, quartic, Morse, double-well, asymmetric and square wells. Bisection on the action ∫√(2m(E−V))dx = (n+½)πℏ gives the WKB ladder; compare with the exact harmonic ladder ℏω(n+½).

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Chemistry
/
Quantum Hall Edge States & σ_xy Plateaus
Quantum Hall Edge States & σ_xy Plateaus
Integer QHE: chiral edge channels and skipping orbits in a Hall bar, filled Landau levels vs μ, and quantized Hall conductance plateaus σ_xy = ν_f e²/h.

Quantum Hall (integer)
Magnetic field B
2.5

2D density n_s
0.8

Animation speed
1×

ν = 1 plateauν = 2 plateauν = 3 plateauHide skipping orbit
2DEG in perpendicular B: Landau levels E_n=ℏω_c(n+½), ω_c=B. Filling ν=2πn_s/B. Integer plateaus σ_xy=ν_f e²/h with ν_f filled levels when μ is in a gap. Current flows along chiral edge channels; skipping orbits illustrate boundary drift. Units: ℏ=e=1.

Measured values
Filling ν
2.011
Filled levels ν_f
2
σ_xy
2e²/h
Magnetic length ℓ_B
0.632
ω_c
2.50

About this model
The integer quantum Hall effect in a two-dimensional electron gas combines bulk Landau quantization with one-dimensional chiral edge channels. In a perpendicular magnetic field B, Landau levels E_n = ℏω_c(n+½) with ω_c = qB/m are equally spaced; the degeneracy per level per area is n_B = qB/h. The filling factor ν = n_s/n_B counts how many levels are occupied at density n_s. When the chemical potential μ lies in a gap between Landau levels, exactly ν_f = ⌊ν⌋ levels are filled and the Hall conductance is quantized as σ_xy = ν_f e²/h — the famous plateaus. Current flows along sample edges through chiral modes that skip along the boundary (classical skipping orbits illustrate the drift). This simulator shows a Hall bar with animated edge channels and a skipping-orbit cartoon, a Landau ladder with occupied levels below μ, and σ_xy versus B at fixed n_s as a step function. Pedagogical units ℏ = e = q = m = 1; disorder, fractional QHE, and spin are omitted.

Who it's for: Advanced undergraduate or graduate condensed-matter students after Landau levels and before fractional QHE or topological insulators.

Key terms

Quantum Hall effect
Edge states
Chiral channel
Skipping orbit
Landau level
Hall conductance
Filling factor
How it works
Integer quantum Hall effect: chiral edge states and skipping orbits in a Hall bar, filled Landau levels, and quantized σ_xy plateaus σ_xy = ν_f e²/h as B or density changes.

Frequently asked questions
Why is σ_xy quantized?
When μ is between Landau levels, only whole numbers of levels are filled. Gauge invariance and edge-state topology require σ_xy to be an integer multiple of e²/h independent of sample details (in the ideal limit).
What are skipping orbits?
Classically, electrons in B reflect off the sample edge each cyclotron period and advance slightly along the edge, producing net drift. Quantum mechanically, this picture motivates chiral edge states carrying the Hall current.
How do edge channels relate to ν?
Each filled Landau level contributes one chiral mode per edge (in the simplest picture). With ν_f filled levels, σ_xy = ν_f e²/h and you see ν_f edge channels on each boundary.
Why does the plateau plot step down as B increases?
At fixed n_s, ν = 2πn_s/B decreases as B grows. Fewer Landau levels are needed to hold the same electron count, so ν_f steps down through integers and σ_xy drops in quantized steps.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 65 in Chemistry.

View category →
New
University / research
Landau Levels in a Magnetic Field
Launch Simulator
Charged particle in a uniform B-field: equally-spaced Landau ladder E_n = ℏω_c(n+½) with cyclotron frequency ω_c = qB/m, magnetic length ℓ_B = √(ℏ/qB) and orbit radius r_n = ℓ_B√(2n+1). Animated cyclotron orbit + linear-in-B fan diagram; the n_B = qB/h degeneracy underlies the quantum Hall effect.

New
University / research
Drude–Sommerfeld Transport
Launch Simulator
Free-electron Drude model: scattering time τ, mobility μ, σ(ω), mean free path ℓ = v_Fτ, skin depth δ(ω), and DC Hall σ_xx(B), σ_xy(B).

New
University / research
Hydrogen |ψ|² (xz slice)
Launch Simulator
Coulomb hydrogen Z=1: |R_nl|² × |Y_lm|² colormap in the xz plane for textbook n,l states.

New
University / research
Coherent State |α⟩ in a Harmonic Oscillator
Launch Simulator
Animated Gaussian wavefunction of a coherent state |α⟩ in a 1-D harmonic well: rigid σ = 1/√2 packet whose centroid traces the classical orbit ⟨x⟩(t) = √2|α|cos(ωt − φ_α). Side-by-side phase space, |ψ(x,t)|², and ⟨x⟩(t) trace.

New
University / research
Debye vs Einstein Heat Capacity
Launch Simulator
Molar C_V(T): Debye integral → T³ law at low T and 3R Dulong–Petit at high T; compare with Einstein single-frequency model and toggle curves on one plot.

New
University / research
Sequential Stern–Gerlach
Launch Simulator
Two SG devices: P(up on SG₂) = cos²(θ/2) or sin²(θ/2) after |±z⟩ filter.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Chemistry
/
Quantum Well Eigenstates (Box & HO)
Quantum Well Eigenstates (Box & HO)
Stationary ψ_n and |ψ_n|² for infinite square well or harmonic oscillator; optional phase animation (ℏ = 1).

Stationary eigenstates
Infinite well
Harmonic oscillator
Quantum number n (box)
3

Animate e^{−iEt/ℏ} phase (ℏ=1)
Reset phase
Box: ψ_n = √(2/L) sin(nπx/L), E_n ∝ n². HO: Hermite × Gaussian, E_n = (n+½)ℏω (here ℏω=1).

Measured values
E_n (ℏω or 2mL² units)
44.4132
Interior nodes (box)
2

About this model
This page plots stationary eigenfunctions ψ_n(x) and probability densities |ψ_n|² for two textbook potentials: an infinite square well on [0, L] and the quantum harmonic oscillator. Units are pedagogical (ħ = m = L = 1 for the well; ħ = m = ω = 1 for the oscillator). You can overlay a time-dependent phase factor e^{−iE_n t/ħ} to visualize how the complex amplitude rotates while |ψ|² remains fixed for a pure energy eigenstate.

Who it's for: Introductory quantum mechanics and modern physics courses comparing quantization in a box vs a parabolic well.

Key terms

Infinite Square Well
Harmonic Oscillator
Hermite Polynomials
Energy Quantization
Probability Density
How it works
Pick a confining potential — infinite square well or harmonic oscillator — and the quantum number n. The canvas shows ψ_n (yellow) and probability density |ψ_n|² (blue). Toggle time phase to see stationary-state oscillation of the complex amplitude.

Frequently asked questions
Why does turning on “phase animation” not change the blue |ψ|² bars for a single stationary state?
For an eigenstate, the only time dependence is an overall phase e^{−iE_n t/ħ}. The probability density |e^{−iE_n t/ħ} ψ_n(x)|² = |ψ_n(x)|² is unchanged. The yellow trace shows the real part of the complex amplitude, which oscillates in time.
How do the energy scales differ between the box and the oscillator?
In the chosen units, the box has E_n ∝ n² (kinetic confinement on a segment), while the oscillator has E_n = (n + ½)ħω with ħω = 1 here. The shapes of ψ_n also differ: sines inside hard walls vs Hermite polynomials modulated by a Gaussian envelope.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 65 in Chemistry.

View category →
New
University / research
2D Box: Eigenstates & Degeneracy
Launch Simulator
Particle in a 2-D rectangular infinite well: ψ_{n_x,n_y} ∝ sin(n_xπx/L_x)sin(n_yπy/L_y), E ∝ (n_x/L_x)² + (n_y/L_y)². Toggle a square box (L_x = L_y) to expose the (n_x, n_y) ↔ (n_y, n_x) accidental degeneracy and watch the doublets split as the box deforms.

New
School
Particle in a 1D Box
Launch Simulator
Superposition of n=1 and n=2: time evolution of |Ψ|² and ⟨E⟩ (model units).

New
University / research
Coherent State |α⟩ in a Harmonic Oscillator
Launch Simulator
Animated Gaussian wavefunction of a coherent state |α⟩ in a 1-D harmonic well: rigid σ = 1/√2 packet whose centroid traces the classical orbit ⟨x⟩(t) = √2|α|cos(ωt − φ_α). Side-by-side phase space, |ψ(x,t)|², and ⟨x⟩(t) trace.

New
University / research
WKB / Bohr–Sommerfeld Quantization
Launch Simulator
Semiclassical bound-state energies for arbitrary V(x): harmonic, quartic, Morse, double-well, asymmetric and square wells. Bisection on the action ∫√(2m(E−V))dx = (n+½)πℏ gives the WKB ladder; compare with the exact harmonic ladder ℏω(n+½).

New
University / research
Anderson Localization (1D Tight-Binding)
Launch Simulator
Random onsite disorder W on a 1-D chain: diagonalize H, plot |ψ|² eigenstates, IPR vs energy, and localization length estimates (RMS and exponential fit).

New
University / research
Hydrogen |ψ|² (xz slice)
Launch Simulator
Coulomb hydrogen Z=1: |R_nl|² × |Y_lm|² colormap in the xz plane for textbook n,l states.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Chemistry
/
Quantum Well Eigenstates (Box & HO)
Quantum Well Eigenstates (Box & HO)
Stationary ψ_n and |ψ_n|² for infinite square well or harmonic oscillator; optional phase animation (ℏ = 1).

Stationary eigenstates
Infinite well
Harmonic oscillator
Quantum number n (box)
2

Animate e^{−iEt/ℏ} phase (ℏ=1)
Reset phase
Box: ψ_n = √(2/L) sin(nπx/L), E_n ∝ n². HO: Hermite × Gaussian, E_n = (n+½)ℏω (here ℏω=1).

Measured values
E_n (ℏω or 2mL² units)
19.7392
Interior nodes (box)
1

About this model
This page plots stationary eigenfunctions ψ_n(x) and probability densities |ψ_n|² for two textbook potentials: an infinite square well on [0, L] and the quantum harmonic oscillator. Units are pedagogical (ħ = m = L = 1 for the well; ħ = m = ω = 1 for the oscillator). You can overlay a time-dependent phase factor e^{−iE_n t/ħ} to visualize how the complex amplitude rotates while |ψ|² remains fixed for a pure energy eigenstate.

Who it's for: Introductory quantum mechanics and modern physics courses comparing quantization in a box vs a parabolic well.

Key terms

Infinite Square Well
Harmonic Oscillator
Hermite Polynomials
Energy Quantization
Probability Density
How it works
Pick a confining potential — infinite square well or harmonic oscillator — and the quantum number n. The canvas shows ψ_n (yellow) and probability density |ψ_n|² (blue). Toggle time phase to see stationary-state oscillation of the complex amplitude.

Frequently asked questions
Why does turning on “phase animation” not change the blue |ψ|² bars for a single stationary state?
For an eigenstate, the only time dependence is an overall phase e^{−iE_n t/ħ}. The probability density |e^{−iE_n t/ħ} ψ_n(x)|² = |ψ_n(x)|² is unchanged. The yellow trace shows the real part of the complex amplitude, which oscillates in time.
How do the energy scales differ between the box and the oscillator?
In the chosen units, the box has E_n ∝ n² (kinetic confinement on a segment), while the oscillator has E_n = (n + ½)ħω with ħω = 1 here. The shapes of ψ_n also differ: sines inside hard walls vs Hermite polynomials modulated by a Gaussian envelope.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 65 in Chemistry.

View category →
New
University / research
2D Box: Eigenstates & Degeneracy
Launch Simulator
Particle in a 2-D rectangular infinite well: ψ_{n_x,n_y} ∝ sin(n_xπx/L_x)sin(n_yπy/L_y), E ∝ (n_x/L_x)² + (n_y/L_y)². Toggle a square box (L_x = L_y) to expose the (n_x, n_y) ↔ (n_y, n_x) accidental degeneracy and watch the doublets split as the box deforms.

New
School
Particle in a 1D Box
Launch Simulator
Superposition of n=1 and n=2: time evolution of |Ψ|² and ⟨E⟩ (model units).

New
University / research
Coherent State |α⟩ in a Harmonic Oscillator
Launch Simulator
Animated Gaussian wavefunction of a coherent state |α⟩ in a 1-D harmonic well: rigid σ = 1/√2 packet whose centroid traces the classical orbit ⟨x⟩(t) = √2|α|cos(ωt − φ_α). Side-by-side phase space, |ψ(x,t)|², and ⟨x⟩(t) trace.

New
University / research
WKB / Bohr–Sommerfeld Quantization
Launch Simulator
Semiclassical bound-state energies for arbitrary V(x): harmonic, quartic, Morse, double-well, asymmetric and square wells. Bisection on the action ∫√(2m(E−V))dx = (n+½)πℏ gives the WKB ladder; compare with the exact harmonic ladder ℏω(n+½).

New
University / research
Anderson Localization (1D Tight-Binding)
Launch Simulator
Random onsite disorder W on a 1-D chain: diagonalize H, plot |ψ|² eigenstates, IPR vs energy, and localization length estimates (RMS and exponential fit).

New
University / research
Hydrogen |ψ|² (xz slice)
Launch Simulator
Coulomb hydrogen Z=1: |R_nl|² × |Y_lm|² colormap in the xz plane for textbook n,l states.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Chemistry
/
Landau Levels in a Magnetic Field
Landau Levels in a Magnetic Field
Charged particle in a uniform B-field: equally-spaced Landau ladder E_n = ℏω_c(n+½) with cyclotron frequency ω_c = qB/m, magnetic length ℓ_B = √(ℏ/qB) and orbit radius r_n = ℓ_B√(2n+1). Animated cyclotron orbit + linear-in-B fan diagram; the n_B = qB/h degeneracy underlies the quantum Hall effect.

Charge in uniform B
Magnetic field B
1

Quantum number n
2

Animation speed
1×

Two-dimensional charged particle in a uniform perpendicular magnetic field B. Quantization gives the equally-spaced Landau ladder E_n = ℏω_c(n+½) with cyclotron frequency ω_c = qB/m and magnetic length ℓ_B = √(ℏ/qB). Each level is enormously degenerate, with n_B = qB/h states per unit area — the basic ingredient of the integer quantum Hall effect. Units: ℏ = q = m = 1.

Measured values
ω_c = qB/m
1.000
ℓ_B = √(ℏ/qB)
1.000
r_n = ℓ_B√(2n+1)
2.236
E_n = ℏω_c(n+½)
2.500

About this model
A charged particle in a uniform magnetic field B occupies equally spaced Landau levels E_n = ħ ω_c (n+½) with cyclotron frequency ω_c = qB/m. The magnetic length ℓ_B = √(ħ/qB) sets the orbit scale, and the classical cyclotron radius for level n is r_n = ℓ_B √(2n+1). The simulator animates a cyclotron orbit and shows a fan diagram of energies linear in B; the areal degeneracy density n_B = qB/h underlies the integer quantum Hall effect. The model is a single free charge in a uniform perpendicular B with no disorder, no electric field, and no spin or Zeeman splitting unless you treat them separately. You vary B and level index n to see level spacing and orbit size change.

Who it's for: Condensed-matter and quantum mechanics courses on Landau quantization and the quantum Hall effect.

Key terms

Landau levels
Cyclotron frequency
Magnetic length
Quantum Hall effect
Degeneracy density
Fan diagram
How it works
Landau levels of a 2-D charged particle in a perpendicular magnetic field B: the equally-spaced ladder E_n = ℏω_c(n+½), the magnetic length ℓ_B = √(ℏ/qB), the cyclotron radius r_n, and the linear-in-B fan diagram — the building block of the integer quantum Hall effect.

Frequently asked questions
Why are Landau levels equally spaced like an oscillator?
Minimal coupling in a magnetic field maps the kinetic energy in the plane to a harmonic oscillator with frequency ω_c = qB/m. Hence E_n = ħ ω_c (n+½), linear in B. This is not an external spring; the ‘spring constant’ is set by B itself.
What is special about n_B = qB/h?
Each Landau level can hold one state per flux quantum Φ₀ = h/q through the sample area, giving degeneracy density qB/h. Filling an integer number of levels yields the integer quantum Hall plateaus. The simulator highlights that counting; it does not compute Hall resistivity.
Does the classical orbit radius equal the quantum r_n?
r_n = ℓ_B √(2n+1) matches the rms cyclotron radius associated with level n in the symmetric gauge, useful for intuition. A full quantum state is a degenerate manifold of guiding-center locations, not a single classical circle — the animation is pedagogical.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 65 in Chemistry.

View category →
New
University / research
Quantum Hall Edge States & σ_xy Plateaus
Launch Simulator
Integer QHE: chiral edge channels and skipping orbits in a Hall bar, filled Landau levels vs μ, and quantized Hall conductance plateaus σ_xy = ν_f e²/h.

New
University / research
Bloch Oscillations & Wannier–Stark Ladder
Launch Simulator
1-D tight-binding electron in uniform field E: semiclassical k(t), Bloch-periodic x(t), and finite-chain Wannier–Stark ladder with spacing ≈ eEa.

New
University / research
2D Box: Eigenstates & Degeneracy
Launch Simulator
Particle in a 2-D rectangular infinite well: ψ_{n_x,n_y} ∝ sin(n_xπx/L_x)sin(n_yπy/L_y), E ∝ (n_x/L_x)² + (n_y/L_y)². Toggle a square box (L_x = L_y) to expose the (n_x, n_y) ↔ (n_y, n_x) accidental degeneracy and watch the doublets split as the box deforms.

New
University / research
Drude–Sommerfeld Transport
Launch Simulator
Free-electron Drude model: scattering time τ, mobility μ, σ(ω), mean free path ℓ = v_Fτ, skin depth δ(ω), and DC Hall σ_xx(B), σ_xy(B).

New
School
Particle in a 1D Box
Launch Simulator
Superposition of n=1 and n=2: time evolution of |Ψ|² and ⟨E⟩ (model units).

New
University / research
Bloch Sphere & Rabi Drive
Launch Simulator
Two-level Bloch vector with du/dt = u × ω, ω = (0, Ω, Δ); u_x–u_z view, Rabi flopping when Δ = 0.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Chemistry
/
Particle in a 1D Box
Particle in a 1D Box
Superposition of n=1 and n=2: time evolution of |Ψ|² and ⟨E⟩ (model units).

Superposition n=1,2
Amplitude c₁ (mode 1)
0.75

Amplitude c₂ (mode 2)
0.55

Time speed
1×

Reset time
Stationary states ψ_n ∝ sin(nπx/L) with E_n ∝ n². A superposition Ψ = c₁ψ₁ + c₂ψ₂ beats because |Ψ|² has cross terms oscillating at frequency (E₂−E₁)/ℏ (here in model units).

Measured values
⟨E⟩ (relative units)
2.049

About this model
The Particle in a 1D Box is a foundational quantum mechanical model that illustrates the wave-like nature of matter. This simulator visualizes a crucial non-stationary state: the time-dependent superposition of the ground (n=1) and first excited (n=2) energy eigenstates. The total wavefunction is Ψ(x,t) = c₁ ψ₁(x) e^{-iE₁t/ħ} + c₂ ψ₂(x) e^{-iE₂t/ħ}, where ψₙ(x) = √(2/L) sin(nπx/L) are the spatial eigenfunctions for an infinite potential well of length L, and Eₙ = n²π²ħ²/(2mL²) are the corresponding quantized energies. The simulator plots the time evolution of the probability density, |Ψ(x,t)|², which shows a sloshing motion as the relative phase between the two components changes. It also tracks the expectation value of energy, ⟨E⟩ = |c₁|²E₁ + |c₂|²E₂, which remains constant in time for this closed system, demonstrating energy conservation. Key simplifications include the infinite well walls (perfect confinement, no tunneling), a single spatial dimension, and the omission of relativistic effects. By interacting with this model, students learn to interpret superposition states, observe how interference between eigenstates leads to a dynamic probability density, and verify that while the wavefunction evolves, the energy expectation value for a superposition of stationary states is time-independent—a direct consequence of the Schrödinger equation.

Who it's for: Undergraduate students in introductory quantum mechanics or physical chemistry courses learning about wavefunctions, superposition, and time evolution.

Key terms

Quantum Superposition
Wavefunction
Probability Density
Stationary State
Expectation Value
Schrödinger Equation
Energy Eigenstate
Time Evolution
How it works
Infinite square well: discrete levels and spatial nodes. Interference between two energy eigenstates makes the probability density slosh back and forth — the quantum analog of beats.

Frequently asked questions
Why does the probability density |Ψ|² slosh back and forth, but the average energy ⟨E⟩ doesn't change?
The sloshing arises from the interference between the n=1 and n=2 states, which have different time-dependent phase factors. This changes the shape of Ψ, and thus |Ψ|², over time. However, ⟨E⟩ is a weighted average of the fixed energies E₁ and E₂. Since the weights (|c₁|² and |c₂|²) are constant, ⟨E⟩ is also constant, illustrating energy conservation for a system not interacting with its environment.
Is a particle really in two energy states at once? What does superposition mean?
Yes, in quantum mechanics, a particle can exist in a superposition of states. This doesn't mean it's sometimes in n=1 and sometimes in n=2. Rather, it is in a new, combined state described by the sum Ψ. When you measure the energy, you will collapse the system to either E₁ or E₂ with probabilities |c₁|² and |c₂|². Before measurement, the particle has no definite energy from this set; it possesses the property of the superposition state itself.
What are the main limitations of the infinite 1D box model?
The infinite walls are an idealization; real potential wells have finite height, allowing for quantum tunneling. The model is also one-dimensional and ignores other degrees of freedom (like spin) and interactions between particles. Despite these simplifications, it correctly captures core quantum concepts—quantization, wave-particle duality, and superposition—making it an essential pedagogical tool.
Does this have any connection to real-world systems?
Absolutely. While idealized, this model approximates the behavior of electrons confined in nanostructures like quantum dots or in certain organic molecules with conjugated pi-electron systems (e.g., butadiene). In these systems, electrons are effectively confined to a region of space, and their allowed energies are quantized, influencing optical and electrical properties.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 65 in Chemistry.

View category →
New
University / research
Quantum Well Eigenstates (Box & HO)
Launch Simulator
Stationary ψ_n and |ψ_n|² for infinite square well or harmonic oscillator; optional phase animation (ℏ = 1).

New
University / research
Hydrogen |ψ|² (xz slice)
Launch Simulator
Coulomb hydrogen Z=1: |R_nl|² × |Y_lm|² colormap in the xz plane for textbook n,l states.

New
School
Orbital Shapes (Schematic)
Launch Simulator
2D |ψ|² colormap for s-, p-, and d-like angular patterns (pedagogical, not HF).

New
University / research
2D Box: Eigenstates & Degeneracy
Launch Simulator
Particle in a 2-D rectangular infinite well: ψ_{n_x,n_y} ∝ sin(n_xπx/L_x)sin(n_yπy/L_y), E ∝ (n_x/L_x)² + (n_y/L_y)². Toggle a square box (L_x = L_y) to expose the (n_x, n_y) ↔ (n_y, n_x) accidental degeneracy and watch the doublets split as the box deforms.

New
School
Maxwell–Boltzmann vs Eₐ
Launch Simulator
Translational energy density f(E); shaded fraction above activation energy; compare Arrhenius exp(−Eₐ/RT).

New
School
Reaction Rate
Launch Simulator
Arrhenius k(T), order 0/1/2, [A](t) curves and particle tank.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Particle in a 1D Box — Simulator | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Astronomy & The Sky
🌙
Astronomy & The Sky
Moon phases, eclipses, sky geometry, stars, spectra, cosmology sketches, and comets

51 simulators
Start here: hand-picked entry points that match this category.

Light Clock & Time Dilation
Length Contraction (Lorentz)
Minkowski Spacetime Diagram (Lorentz Boost)
Relativistic Doppler Effect
Relativistic Energy–Momentum Hyperbola
Pair Production Threshold & σ(E_γ)
All
Kids
School
University / research
New
School
Hertzsprung–Russell Diagram
Schematic HR regions; drag a star to see main sequence, giants, white dwarfs.

New
School
Moon Phases
Sun–Earth–Moon geometry and synodic cycle; lit fraction from phase angle.

New
School
Seasons & Axial Tilt
Obliquity ~23.4°: declination model vs day of year and noon sun altitude at latitude.

New
School
Moon: Tidal Locking
Synchronous rotation: same lunar face toward Earth as it orbits.

New
School
Solar Eclipse Geometry
Sun–Moon–Earth: angular sizes, umbra and penumbra cones, orbit tilt.

New
School
Stellar Life Cycle
Cloud → MS → giant/SN → WD / NS / BH vs initial mass (schematic).

New
School
Light Clock & Time Dilation
Two side-by-side light clocks — one at rest, one moving at v = βc — show why a moving clock ticks slower. The photon zig-zag traces a lon…

New
University / research
Black Hole Shadow (Schematic)
Silhouette and stylized ring; Rₛ scales with mass — not full GR ray tracing.

New
School
Lunar Eclipse Geometry
Sun–Earth–Moon: Earth’s shadow on the Moon; total, partial, and penumbral (schematic colors).

New
University / research
Minkowski Spacetime Diagram (Lorentz Boost)
Interactive (x, ct) spacetime diagram: a Lorentz boost at v = βc rotates the (x′, ct′) axes inward by atan(β) toward the 45° light cone —…

New
School
Axial Precession
Spin axis slowly cones; ~26 kyr cycle changes the pole star (schematic).

New
University / research
Big Bang Nucleosynthesis (BBN)
Light-element abundance curves H, ⁴He, D, ³He, ⁷Li vs cosmic time / temperature. Weak freeze-out, neutron decay gap, deuterium bottleneck…

New
University / research
GPS & Relativity
Weak-field + SR clock drift estimates vs altitude and orbital speed.

New
University / research
Relativistic Doppler Effect
Source emits at rest frequency f₀ and moves at v = βc; observer at angle θ measures f_obs = f₀ √(1 − β²) / (1 − β cos θ). Animated lab-fr…

New
School
HR Diagram: Evolutionary Track (Z = 0.02)
Schematic ~1 M☉ track vs normalized age: MS, RGB, HB hook, AGB, WD cooling; play or scrub u.

New
School
Length Contraction (Lorentz)
A ruler of proper length L₀ in S′ flies past the lab S at v = βc and is measured to be L = L₀/γ — only in the direction of motion. Animat…

New
University / research
Sphere of Influence (Hill)
r_H ≈ a (m/3M)^(1/3): schematic secondary orbit and Hill radius vs masses and a.

New
School
Sidereal vs Solar Day
Why noon returns after slightly more than 360° of rotation (~4 min shorter sidereal day).

New
School
Ecliptic & Zodiac Band
Celestial equator vs ecliptic, obliquity, Sun on the yearly path (symbols as map, not astrology).

New
School
Pulsar Lighthouse
Rotating beam cone, pulse profile; timing / ms pulsars context.

New
School
Sunset Atmospheric Refraction
Geometric vs apparent horizon: lift of the solar disk from a layered atmosphere model.

New
School
Stellar Parallax
Earth orbit angle vs nearby star wobble on fixed background; π = 1/d(pc) arcsec, exaggerated.

New
School
Supernova Light Curves
Schematic Ia rise/decay vs II-P plateau; standard-candle note.

New
School
Comet Orbit, Coma & Tails
Eccentric orbit, coma brightening near the Sun, ion and dust tails, solar wind toggle.

New
School
Milankovitch Cycles
e, obliquity, precession → toy high-latitude insolation curve; ice-age pacing context.

New
School
Apparent vs Absolute Magnitude
m = M + 5 log₁₀(d/10 pc); distance modulus; flux ratios.

New
School
Nuclear Binding Curve
Qualitative B/A vs A with fusion/fission context.

New
School
Venus Phases (Galileo)
Heliocentric geometry: full disk vs crescent at inferior conjunction; Earth-view inset.

New
University / research
Neutron star TOV: toy M–R (polytrope)
Schwarzschild TOV for polytropes n = 1 or 3/2; K normalized so the ρ_c scan peaks near ~2 M☉ (schematic only).

New
School
Spin–Orbit Resonance
Moon 1:1 lock vs Mercury 3:2; schematic animations.

New
School
Stellar Aberration
Bradley: telescope tilt v/c ~ 10⁻⁴ rad; annual ~20.5″ — not parallax.

New
School
Measuring c (ToF toy)
c ≈ 2D/Δt round-trip; schematic path + Fizeau/Foucault context.

New
University / research
CMB Power Spectrum (Acoustic Peaks)
Cosmic Microwave Background temperature D_ℓ vs ℓ with Sakharov peaks: tune Ω_b h², Ω_c h², n_s, A_s, τ, h and watch the parity flip betwe…

New
School
Exoplanet Transit (light curve)
Uniform disk overlap; R_p/R_*; impact b; F(t) vs period.

New
School
Mars Retrograde Loop
Earth overtakes Mars: apparent backward loop among the stars (schematic).

New
University / research
Cosmic Distance Ladder
Log distance scale with parallax, standard candles, and Hubble-flow cartoon rungs.

New
Kids
Aurora (Stylized)
Layered sine curtains; hue and drift — look only, not ionosphere physics.

New
Kids
Meteor Shower & Radiant
Earth crosses comet debris; radiant on a star field (schematic).

New
School
Galaxy Rotation Curve
Keplerian decline vs flat v(r); toy halo slider (dark matter motivation).

New
School
Single-Layer Climate (Toy)
S, α, ε: T_eff vs T_surface from gray-slab balance — intuition only.

New
University / research
Relativistic Energy–Momentum Hyperbola
Energy–momentum relation E² = (pc)² + (mc²)². The green hyperbola E = √(p² + 1) is bracketed by the Newtonian parabola E ≈ 1 + p²/2 (low-…

New
University / research
Pair Production Threshold & σ(E_γ)
Pair creation channels γ + nucleus → e⁺e⁻ (Bethe–Heitler, σ ∝ Z²), the higher-threshold triplet γ + e⁻ → e⁻e⁺e⁻, and Breit–Wheeler γγ → e…

New
University / research
Bremsstrahlung & Synchrotron Radiation Pattern
Polar plot of dP/dΩ for an accelerating charge: a ∥ v (linear / brems) and a ⊥ v (circular / synchrotron). Pull β = v/c toward 1 — Larmor…

New
University / research
Chandrasekhar limit (Lane–Emden toy)
White-dwarf M–R track for n = 3/2 cold degenerate electrons; UR n = 3 marks the ~1.44 M☉ scale (μ_e dependent).

New
University / research
Hubble Diagram (SN Ia & ΛCDM fit)
Apparent magnitude vs redshift; flat ΛCDM distance modulus; grid fit for H₀ and Ω_m.

New
School
Exoplanet Radial Velocity
K from masses & P; sinusoidal V_r(t); M sin i.

New
School
Exoplanet Transit (limb darkening u₁, u₂)
Quadratic limb-darkened disk; grid-integrated F(t); TESS-like solar preset vs uniform-disk page.

New
University / research
Cosmological Expansion (FLRW)
a(t), z, χ and c/H vs time; flat Ω_m + Λ (toy ΛCDM).

New
School
Spectral Lines & Doppler
Absorption lines on a continuum shift with radial velocity (Δλ/λ ≈ v/c).

New
University / research
EM Calorimeter Shower (Heitler / Rossi)
Toy electromagnetic cascade in a calorimeter: γ → e⁺e⁻, e⁻ → e⁻γ each X₀, with critical-energy cutoff E_c. Animate the branching tree, se…

New
University / research
Hydrogen Saha Equilibrium (recombination)
n_p n_e / n_H vs T and ionized fraction X; steep Boltzmann knee ~3000 K scale (density dependent).

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Astronomy & The Sky Simulators | PhysSandboxPhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Chemistry
/
Quantum Hall Edge States & σ_xy Plateaus
Quantum Hall Edge States & σ_xy Plateaus
Integer QHE: chiral edge channels and skipping orbits in a Hall bar, filled Landau levels vs μ, and quantized Hall conductance plateaus σ_xy = ν_f e²/h.

Quantum Hall (integer)
Magnetic field B
2.5

2D density n_s
0.8

Animation speed
1×

ν = 1 plateauν = 2 plateauν = 3 plateauHide skipping orbit
2DEG in perpendicular B: Landau levels E_n=ℏω_c(n+½), ω_c=B. Filling ν=2πn_s/B. Integer plateaus σ_xy=ν_f e²/h with ν_f filled levels when μ is in a gap. Current flows along chiral edge channels; skipping orbits illustrate boundary drift. Units: ℏ=e=1.

Measured values
Filling ν
2.011
Filled levels ν_f
2
σ_xy
2e²/h
Magnetic length ℓ_B
0.632
ω_c
2.50

About this model
The integer quantum Hall effect in a two-dimensional electron gas combines bulk Landau quantization with one-dimensional chiral edge channels. In a perpendicular magnetic field B, Landau levels E_n = ℏω_c(n+½) with ω_c = qB/m are equally spaced; the degeneracy per level per area is n_B = qB/h. The filling factor ν = n_s/n_B counts how many levels are occupied at density n_s. When the chemical potential μ lies in a gap between Landau levels, exactly ν_f = ⌊ν⌋ levels are filled and the Hall conductance is quantized as σ_xy = ν_f e²/h — the famous plateaus. Current flows along sample edges through chiral modes that skip along the boundary (classical skipping orbits illustrate the drift). This simulator shows a Hall bar with animated edge channels and a skipping-orbit cartoon, a Landau ladder with occupied levels below μ, and σ_xy versus B at fixed n_s as a step function. Pedagogical units ℏ = e = q = m = 1; disorder, fractional QHE, and spin are omitted.

Who it's for: Advanced undergraduate or graduate condensed-matter students after Landau levels and before fractional QHE or topological insulators.

Key terms

Quantum Hall effect
Edge states
Chiral channel
Skipping orbit
Landau level
Hall conductance
Filling factor
How it works
Integer quantum Hall effect: chiral edge states and skipping orbits in a Hall bar, filled Landau levels, and quantized σ_xy plateaus σ_xy = ν_f e²/h as B or density changes.

Frequently asked questions
Why is σ_xy quantized?
When μ is between Landau levels, only whole numbers of levels are filled. Gauge invariance and edge-state topology require σ_xy to be an integer multiple of e²/h independent of sample details (in the ideal limit).
What are skipping orbits?
Classically, electrons in B reflect off the sample edge each cyclotron period and advance slightly along the edge, producing net drift. Quantum mechanically, this picture motivates chiral edge states carrying the Hall current.
How do edge channels relate to ν?
Each filled Landau level contributes one chiral mode per edge (in the simplest picture). With ν_f filled levels, σ_xy = ν_f e²/h and you see ν_f edge channels on each boundary.
Why does the plateau plot step down as B increases?
At fixed n_s, ν = 2πn_s/B decreases as B grows. Fewer Landau levels are needed to hold the same electron count, so ν_f steps down through integers and σ_xy drops in quantized steps.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 65 in Chemistry.

View category →
New
University / research
Landau Levels in a Magnetic Field
Launch Simulator
Charged particle in a uniform B-field: equally-spaced Landau ladder E_n = ℏω_c(n+½) with cyclotron frequency ω_c = qB/m, magnetic length ℓ_B = √(ℏ/qB) and orbit radius r_n = ℓ_B√(2n+1). Animated cyclotron orbit + linear-in-B fan diagram; the n_B = qB/h degeneracy underlies the quantum Hall effect.

New
University / research
Drude–Sommerfeld Transport
Launch Simulator
Free-electron Drude model: scattering time τ, mobility μ, σ(ω), mean free path ℓ = v_Fτ, skin depth δ(ω), and DC Hall σ_xx(B), σ_xy(B).

New
University / research
Hydrogen |ψ|² (xz slice)
Launch Simulator
Coulomb hydrogen Z=1: |R_nl|² × |Y_lm|² colormap in the xz plane for textbook n,l states.

New
University / research
Coherent State |α⟩ in a Harmonic Oscillator
Launch Simulator
Animated Gaussian wavefunction of a coherent state |α⟩ in a 1-D harmonic well: rigid σ = 1/√2 packet whose centroid traces the classical orbit ⟨x⟩(t) = √2|α|cos(ωt − φ_α). Side-by-side phase space, |ψ(x,t)|², and ⟨x⟩(t) trace.

New
University / research
Debye vs Einstein Heat Capacity
Launch Simulator
Molar C_V(T): Debye integral → T³ law at low T and 3R Dulong–Petit at high T; compare with Einstein single-frequency model and toggle curves on one plot.

New
University / research
Sequential Stern–Gerlach
Launch Simulator
Two SG devices: P(up on SG₂) = cos²(θ/2) or sin²(θ/2) after |±z⟩ filter.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Chemistry
/
Wigner Function (Coherent vs Squeezed)
Wigner Function (Coherent vs Squeezed)
Phase-space quasi-probability W(x, p) for a single-mode Gaussian quantum state: coherent |α⟩, displaced-squeezed D(α)S(ξ)|0⟩, and thermal. The 1σ ellipse rotates by half the squeeze phase θ/2 and shrinks below the vacuum floor along one quadrature — the basic picture of CV quantum optics.

Gaussian state
State
Squeezed-displaced D(α)S(ξ)|0⟩
Re α
1.4

Im α
0.6

Squeeze parameter r
0.9

Squeeze phase θ
60°

Wigner quasi-probability W(x, p) for a single-mode Gaussian state (ℏ = 1). Coherent and squeezed-displaced states have det Σ = ¼ (pure, on the Heisenberg floor); thermal states inflate isotropically with σ² = ½(2n̄+1) and lose purity. The squeeze axis rotates by θ/2 — a hallmark of the parametric down-conversion / OPO output used in CV quantum optics.

Measured values
⟨x⟩ = √2 Re α
1.980
⟨p⟩ = √2 Im α
0.849
σ_x σ_p (along axes)
0.500
Purity Tr ρ²
1.000

About this model
This simulator plots the Wigner quasi-probability W(x, p) for a single-mode Gaussian quantum state of a harmonic oscillator. Three families are available: a coherent state |α⟩, a displaced-squeezed vacuum D(α)S(ξ)|0⟩, and a thermal state. For Gaussians, W itself is a Gaussian blob whose 1σ ellipse rotates by half the squeeze phase θ/2 and can shrink below the vacuum floor along one quadrature — the basic continuous-variable (CV) picture of squeezing. The model is strictly single-mode and Gaussian: no photon-number non-Gaussianity, no multimode entanglement, and no loss or detector inefficiency. You vary the coherent amplitude α, the squeeze magnitude and phase in ξ = r e^{iθ}, and the thermal occupation to see displacement, rotation, and elongation of the Wigner ellipse relative to the vacuum circle.

Who it's for: Advanced undergraduate and graduate students in quantum optics, continuous-variable quantum information, and physical chemistry of oscillator modes.

Key terms

Wigner function
Coherent state
Squeezed state
Phase space
Quasi-probability
Continuous-variable optics
How it works
Visualize the Wigner quasi-probability W(x, p) for a single-mode Gaussian state: coherent |α⟩, displaced-squeezed D(α)S(ξ)|0⟩ or thermal. The 1σ ellipse rotates by half the squeeze phase θ/2 and shrinks below the vacuum (red dashed) along one quadrature.

Frequently asked questions
Can the Wigner function be negative here?
Not for the states in this lab. Pure Gaussians (coherent, squeezed vacuum after displacement, and thermal mixtures of Gaussians) have non-negative Wigner functions. Negativity appears for non-Gaussian states such as Fock |n⟩ with n ≥ 1 or Schrödinger-cat superpositions, which are outside this single-mode Gaussian model.
Why does the squeeze ellipse rotate by θ/2 rather than θ?
The squeeze operator is written S(ξ) with ξ = r e^{iθ}. In the (x, p) plane the principal axes of the uncertainty ellipse are oriented at angle θ/2, so rotating the squeeze phase by θ turns the long and short axes by half that amount. A common misconception is to identify θ directly with the plotted ellipse angle.
What does shrinking below the vacuum floor mean?
Vacuum has equal quadrature variances at the Heisenberg floor. Squeezing reduces noise in one quadrature below that vacuum level while the conjugate quadrature is anti-squeezed so that the product still obeys the uncertainty principle. The 1σ contour therefore becomes an elongated ellipse that dips inside the vacuum circle along the squeezed axis.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 65 in Chemistry.

View category →
New
University / research
Coherent State |α⟩ in a Harmonic Oscillator
Launch Simulator
Animated Gaussian wavefunction of a coherent state |α⟩ in a 1-D harmonic well: rigid σ = 1/√2 packet whose centroid traces the classical orbit ⟨x⟩(t) = √2|α|cos(ωt − φ_α). Side-by-side phase space, |ψ(x,t)|², and ⟨x⟩(t) trace.

New
University / research
β⁻ Decay: Electron Spectrum
Launch Simulator
Continuous kinetic-energy spectrum up to endpoint Q (allowed-decay phase space); missing energy carried by the antineutrino.

New
University / research
Heisenberg Product σ_x σ_p
Launch Simulator
Gaussian position and momentum widths with ℏ = 1; momentum “excess” over the minimum-uncertainty floor.

New
University / research
Quantum Well Eigenstates (Box & HO)
Launch Simulator
Stationary ψ_n and |ψ_n|² for infinite square well or harmonic oscillator; optional phase animation (ℏ = 1).

New
University / research
Debye vs Einstein Heat Capacity
Launch Simulator
Molar C_V(T): Debye integral → T³ law at low T and 3R Dulong–Petit at high T; compare with Einstein single-frequency model and toggle curves on one plot.

New
University / research
Sequential Stern–Gerlach
Launch Simulator
Two SG devices: P(up on SG₂) = cos²(θ/2) or sin²(θ/2) after |±z⟩ filter.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
/
Quadrupole / Penning-Style Trap
Quadrupole / Penning-Style Trap
2D motion in a hyperbolic electric potential Φ ∝ x²−y² with axial magnetic field B: epicycloid-like bounded orbits.

Trap fields
Electric curvature A
0.22

B (axial)
1.4

q/m scale
0.85

Reset particles
Idealized 2D motion: E = −∇Φ with Φ = A(x²−y²) (hyperbolic quadrupole) and Lorentz acceleration (q/m)(E + v×B) with B along ẑ. Three non-interacting test charges illustrate bounded “magnetron-like” orbits — not a full RF Paul trap with time-varying fields.

Measured values
Particles
3

About this model
A static electric quadrupole Φ ∝ x²−y² creates a saddle potential; combined with a uniform axial magnetic field, Lorentz forces can confine charged particle orbits in the plane. Three test charges with different initial conditions illustrate bounded epicyclic motion — a qualitative cousin of Penning traps, not a radio-frequency Paul trap.

Who it's for: Students linking E×B dynamics to mass spectrometry hardware.

Key terms

Penning trap
Quadrupole potential
Lorentz force
Magnetron motion
How it works
Classical charged-particle dynamics in a static electric saddle plus uniform magnetic field: a qualitative cousin of Penning/Paul traps used in mass spectrometry.

Frequently asked questions
Why no RF drive?
Paul traps require time-varying fields for a ponderomotive pseudopotential; this page keeps Φ static for transparent classical trajectories.
Related simulators
Similar topics nearby (including related fields) — or browse all 50 in Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience.

View category →
New
School
ENSO Delayed Oscillator (Toy)
Launch Simulator
Scalar delay differential equation ẋ = a·x(t−τ) − b·x − c·x³ + seasonal forcing: explore El Niño– / La Niña–like swings vs damping in a Suarez–Schopf–style cartoon.

New
University / research
Cardiac Action Potential
Launch Simulator
FitzHugh–Nagumo/Noble-style cardiac toy: fast upstroke, plateau-like repolarization, refractory recovery gate, and S1-S2 premature-stimulus capture vs block.

New
School
Cyclotron (Schematic)
Launch Simulator
B uniform, oscillating E in gap; spiral growth; ω_c = (q/m)B in sim units.

New
School
Nernst Potentials & Membrane
Launch Simulator
Nernst E for K⁺ and Na⁺ from inside/outside concentrations; optional Goldman–Hodgkin–Katz resting estimate.

New
School
0-D Energy Balance & Ice–Albedo
Launch Simulator
Budyko-style (1−α)S/4 = εσT⁴ with icy vs clear albedo, freeze/melt hysteresis when S is swept, and optional smooth α(T) relaxation.

New
School
Soil Water Retention Curve
Launch Simulator
van Genuchten θ(ψ), effective saturation S_e, Mualem K(θ), field capacity, wilting point, and plant-available water.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Astronomy & The Sky
/
Relativistic Energy–Momentum Hyperbola
Relativistic Energy–Momentum Hyperbola
Energy–momentum relation E² = (pc)² + (mc²)². The green hyperbola E = √(p² + 1) is bracketed by the Newtonian parabola E ≈ 1 + p²/2 (low-momentum limit) and the photon-like asymptote E = pc (ultra-relativistic). Pick β, p or T as the independent slider and watch all four quantities (β, γ, p, T) lock together — the operational core of accelerator and cosmic-ray physics.

Driver
Independent variable
β = v/c
β = v/c
0.6

For a particle of mass m the relativistic energy–momentum relation is E² = (pc)² + (mc²)². With m = 1 and c = 1 it draws the green hyperbola E = √(p² + 1). Two limits frame it: the Newtonian parabola E ≈ 1 + p²/2 (low momentum) and the photon-like asymptote E = pc (ultra-relativistic). Slide β, p or T to see how all four quantities (β, γ, p, T) lock together — the operational core of relativistic mechanics used in particle accelerators and cosmic-ray physics.

Measured values
β
0.60000
γ
1.25000
p (mc)
0.75000
E (mc²)
1.25000
T (mc²)
0.25000

About this model
The simulator plots the relativistic energy–momentum relation E² = (pc)² + (mc²)². In units where m = c = 1 the green mass hyperbola is E = √(p² + 1), bracketed by the Newtonian parabola E ≈ 1 + p²/2 at low momentum and the ultra-relativistic asymptote E = pc for photons or E ≫ mc². Independent sliders for β, p, or kinetic energy T keep β, γ, p, and T locked through γ = 1/√(1 − β²), E = γmc², and T = (γ − 1)mc². Assumptions: free particle, fixed rest mass, no interactions or radiation reaction. This is the operational core of accelerator and cosmic-ray kinematics — watch how kinetic energy grows much faster than ½mv² once β is no longer small.

Who it's for: Modern physics, particle physics, and accelerator introductions needing E–p relations.

Key terms

relativistic energy
energy-momentum relation
rest energy
kinetic energy
Lorentz factor
ultra-relativistic limit
How it works
Visualizer of the relativistic energy–momentum hyperbola E² = (pc)² + (mc²)². Pick any of β, p or T as the independent slider — the other three lock together via γ = 1/√(1−β²), p = γβ, E = γ. Newtonian (E ≈ 1 + p²/2) and ultra-relativistic (E = pc) limits are drawn for comparison.

Frequently asked questions
Why doesn’t kinetic energy stay ½mv²?
Newtonian T = p²/(2m) is the low-p expansion of T = E − mc² on the hyperbola. At large p, E ≈ pc and T grows nearly linearly with p, far above ½mv². Using the classical formula for GeV particles underestimates energy badly — a frequent exam trap.
What do the parabola and asymptote show?
The parabola is the Newtonian limit hugging the hyperbola near p = 0. The line E = pc is the photon (m = 0) relation and the ultra-relativistic asymptote for massive particles. Massive tracks never reach the light line; they approach it as γ → ∞.
If I fix β, how are p and T determined?
β fixes γ, then p = γβmc and T = (γ − 1)mc² (with m = c = 1 in the plot units). Switching the independent slider just chooses which quantity you dial; the others update to stay on the same mass shell. Rest energy mc² remains the vertical intercept of the hyperbola.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 51 in Astronomy & The Sky.

View category →
New
University / research
Pair Production Threshold & σ(E_γ)
Launch Simulator
Pair creation channels γ + nucleus → e⁺e⁻ (Bethe–Heitler, σ ∝ Z²), the higher-threshold triplet γ + e⁻ → e⁻e⁺e⁻, and Breit–Wheeler γγ → e⁺e⁻ that limits TeV photons against the cosmic background. Live threshold marker, log-σ curve, and material presets (H, C, Al, Cu, Pb) make the 1.022 MeV / 4 m_e c² thresholds intuitive.

New
University / research
Relativistic Doppler Effect
Launch Simulator
Source emits at rest frequency f₀ and moves at v = βc; observer at angle θ measures f_obs = f₀ √(1 − β²) / (1 − β cos θ). Animated lab-frame wavefronts, observer at any angle, and a 380–700 nm spectrum strip showing the apparent colour shift of a 555 nm reference line — including the purely relativistic transverse Doppler (θ = 90°) red-shift f₀/γ.

New
School
Light Clock & Time Dilation
Launch Simulator
Two side-by-side light clocks — one at rest, one moving at v = βc — show why a moving clock ticks slower. The photon zig-zag traces a longer Pythagorean hypotenuse cT/2 vs the rest hypotenuse cT₀/2, giving T = γT₀ with γ = 1/√(1 − β²) live. The Pythagorean diagram and the running tick ratio make the special-relativistic time-dilation derivation visual rather than algebraic.

New
University / research
Bremsstrahlung & Synchrotron Radiation Pattern
Launch Simulator
Polar plot of dP/dΩ for an accelerating charge: a ∥ v (linear / brems) and a ⊥ v (circular / synchrotron). Pull β = v/c toward 1 — Larmor donut collapses into a forward beam of half-angle ≈ 1/γ; ω_g, ω_c shown for given B.

New
University / research
GPS & Relativity
Launch Simulator
Weak-field + SR clock drift estimates vs altitude and orbital speed.

New
School
Length Contraction (Lorentz)
Launch Simulator
A ruler of proper length L₀ in S′ flies past the lab S at v = βc and is measured to be L = L₀/γ — only in the direction of motion. Animated fly-by with on-board ruler ticks and a dotted L₀ baseline makes the contraction L = L₀ √(1 − β²) immediately readable; same factor explains why GeV cosmic-ray muons reach the ground despite their ≈ 2 μs lifetime.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Optics & Light
/
Thin Lens Equation
Thin Lens Equation
Hyperbola d_i(d_o), pole at d_o = f, schematic + 1/d check.

1/f = 1/d_o + 1/d_i
Converging (+f)
Diverging (−f)
|f| (focal length)
14 cm

Object distance d_o
28 cm

For a thin lens, d_i = d_o f / (d_o − f). Converging: real image when d_o > f (usual convention). Diverging: d_i < 0 always for a real object.

Shortcuts

Compare d_o to |f| for real vs virtual image
Measured values
f
14.00cm
d_o
28.00cm
d_i
28.000cm
m = −d_i/d_o
-1.0000
1/d_o + 1/d_i
0.071431/cm
1/f
0.071431/cm
Image
Real

Live graphs
About this model
The Thin Lens Equation Simulator visualizes the fundamental relationship between object distance, image distance, and focal length for a converging lens. At its core is the Gaussian thin lens equation: 1/f = 1/d_o + 1/d_i, where f is the focal length, d_o is the object distance, and d_i is the image distance. This equation is a cornerstone of geometric optics, derived from the paraxial approximation where light rays make small angles with the optical axis. The simulator plots the hyperbola d_i(d_o), which has a vertical asymptote at d_o = f and a horizontal asymptote at d_i = f. This graphical representation powerfully illustrates how the image location changes dramatically as the object approaches the focal point from either side. A key learning feature is the ability to verify the reciprocal relationship by plotting 1/d_i versus 1/d_o, which yields a straight line with a slope of -1 and a y-intercept of 1/f. The model simplifies reality by assuming a perfectly thin, ideal lens free from aberrations, and uses the sign convention where distances for real objects and images are positive. By interacting with the controls, students learn to predict image characteristics (real/virtual, inverted/upright, magnified/diminished) based on object position, reinforcing the concepts of focal points, principal planes, and the real image formation condition (d_o > f).

Who it's for: High school physics students and introductory undergraduate optics courses covering geometric optics and image formation.

Key terms

Thin Lens Equation
Focal Length
Object Distance
Image Distance
Converging Lens
Real Image
Virtual Image
Magnification
How it works
The Gaussian thin-lens formula relates object distance, image distance, and focal length. The graph of d_i versus d_o is a hyperbola with a vertical asymptote at d_o = f for a converging lens. Moving the pink point with the d_o slider shows how small changes near the focal plane send the image to infinity or flip the sign of d_i.

Key equations
1/f = 1/d_o + 1/d_i
d_i = d_o f / (d_o − f) · m = −d_i/d_o
Frequently asked questions
Why does the graph shoot up to infinity when the object is at the focal point (d_o = f)?
When d_o equals f, the thin lens equation requires 1/d_i to be zero, meaning d_i is mathematically infinite. Physically, this means the refracted rays are parallel and never converge to form a real image. This is the boundary between forming real images (d_o > f) and virtual images (d_o < f).
What is the practical use of plotting 1/d_i vs. 1/d_o?
Plotting the reciprocals transforms the hyperbolic thin lens equation into a linear form: 1/d_i = -1/d_o + 1/f. This linear graph is extremely useful in lab experiments. By measuring several object and image distances, you can plot this line, where the y-intercept directly gives the reciprocal of the focal length (1/f), providing an accurate method to determine f.
Does this simulator apply to diverging (concave) lenses?
This specific simulator models a converging (convex) lens, where the focal length f is positive. For a diverging lens (f negative), the thin lens equation still holds, but the graph d_i(d_o) is different—the image distance is always negative (virtual) for a real object. The sign convention is crucial for extending the model.
In a real camera or eye, is the lens truly 'thin'?
No, real lenses have thickness. The thin lens approximation is a powerful simplification that works remarkably well when the lens thickness is small compared to the object and image distances. Complex lens systems, like camera lenses, are often analyzed as combinations of thin lenses or using more advanced 'thick lens' formulas.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 50 in Optics & Light.

View category →
Featured
School
Lens Simulator
Launch Simulator
Converging and diverging lenses with ray diagrams and image formation.

New
School
Chromatic Aberration
Launch Simulator
Cauchy n(λ); thin-lens f(λ); paraxial rays R/G/B.

School
Reflection
Launch Simulator
Flat, concave, and convex mirrors with auto-drawn ray diagrams.

New
School
Telescope & Microscope (2 lenses)
Launch Simulator
Kepler / Galileo / microscope presets; paraxial rays, M, f_obj/f_eye hint.

New
School
Simple Eye (Thin Lens)
Launch Simulator
P_total = P_eye + P_glasses; 1/v = P − 1/u vs retina; blur cue.

New
University / research
Fourier Optics 4f System
Launch Simulator
Object → lens → Fourier plane → spatial filter (low/high-pass) → lens → image; 2D FFT with circular aperture in spectrum.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Optics & Light
/
Eye: Myopia & Hyperopia
Eye: Myopia & Hyperopia
Reduced eye + glasses; retina blur cue; presets and suggested ΔP.

Refractive errors (thin-lens eye)
Myopia
Hyperopia
Emmetropic
Object distance u
6 m

Eye power P_eye
0.52 1/sim

Glasses ΔP
0 1/sim

Suggest ΔP for distant object (u → ∞)
Myopia: eye too strong or axial length long — image in front of the retina for distant objects (v < v_retina). Hyperopia: eye too weak — image behind the retina (v > v_retina). Glasses add ΔP at the same vertex as the simple-eye model. For a distant emmetrope in these units, P ≈ 1/v_retina ≈ 0.4255.

Shortcuts

Use “Suggest correction” for distant object; near vision needs more accommodation in real eyes
Measured values
P total
0.5200 1/sim
Image distance v
2.830 sim
Defocus |v − v_ret|
0.480
Trend
myopia tendency (image short)

About this model
A one-lens reduced eye uses the thin-lens equation 1/v = P_eye + P_glasses − 1/u with the retina at fixed v_retina. Myopia corresponds to too much refractive power (or an effectively long axial length): for distant objects the image forms in front of the retina (v < v_retina). Hyperopia corresponds to too little power: the image would lie behind the retina (v > v_retina) for distant light. Spherical corrective lenses add paraxial power at the spectacle plane in this toy model. The “E” uses canvas blur as a qualitative defocus indicator, not point-spread optics.

Who it's for: Pairs with Simple Eye Model; good before discussing astigmatism and accommodation limits.

Key terms

myopia
hyperopia
refractive power
corrective lens
reduced eye
How it works
Same paraxial reduced eye as Simple Eye Model: 1/v = P_eye + P_glasses − 1/u with fixed retina at v_retina = 2.35 (sim units). Myopia (too much P_eye or effectively long axis): distant objects form in front of the retina (v too small). Hyperopia: v too large — the focus would lie behind the retina. Corrective lenses shift P_total; diverging (negative ΔP) helps myopia, converging helps hyperopia. The E on the retina uses blur as a crude defocus cue — not wave optics.

Key equations
1/v = P_eye + ΔP − 1/u
Distant (u → ∞): need P_eye + ΔP ≈ 1/v_retina for sharp retina image
Frequently asked questions
Why doesn’t “Suggest correction” fix near objects too?
Real eyes accommodate (change P_eye) for near vision. This page keeps P_eye fixed except via presets and glasses — it is a teaching cartoon, not a clinical refraction.
Are diopters shown?
Powers are in the same abstract 1/sim units as Simple Eye Model. Relate to diopters only after choosing a physical scale for the reduced eye length.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 50 in Optics & Light.

View category →
New
School
Simple Eye (Thin Lens)
Launch Simulator
P_total = P_eye + P_glasses; 1/v = P − 1/u vs retina; blur cue.

New
School
Telescope & Microscope (2 lenses)
Launch Simulator
Kepler / Galileo / microscope presets; paraxial rays, M, f_obj/f_eye hint.

New
School
Chromatic Aberration
Launch Simulator
Cauchy n(λ); thin-lens f(λ); paraxial rays R/G/B.

New
School
Fiber: Numerical Aperture
Launch Simulator
NA from n_core, n_clad; acceptance angle and bend loss cue.

Featured
School
Lens Simulator
Launch Simulator
Converging and diverging lenses with ray diagrams and image formation.

Featured
School
Refraction
Launch Simulator
Light crossing boundaries. Snell's law with angle measurements.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

609+ Interactive Simulators
Physics Comes Alive
In Your Browser
Explore interactive simulations for physics, chemistry, and engineering. Drag, tweak, observe — learn by playing.

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
609+

Simulators

11

Categories

100%

Free

Explore by Category
From classical mechanics to quantum chemistry — find the perfect simulator for your topic.

⚙️
85 sims
Classical Mechanics
Projectile motion, forces, energy, collisions, and rotational dynamics

Explore
🌊
37 sims
Waves & Sound
Wave propagation, interference, Doppler effect, and sound visualization

Explore
⚡
65 sims
Electricity & Magnetism
Electric fields, circuits, Ohm's law, and electromagnetic induction

Explore
🔬
50 sims
Optics & Light
Reflection, refraction, lenses, prisms, and diffraction patterns

Explore
🪐
27 sims
Gravity & Orbits
Orbital mechanics, solar system, tidal forces, and N-body simulations

Explore
🌙
51 sims
Astronomy & The Sky
Moon phases, eclipses, sky geometry, stars, spectra, cosmology sketches, and comets

Explore
🌡️
46 sims
Thermodynamics
Gas laws, heat transfer, entropy, and engine cycles

Explore
🌍
50 sims
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Neural excitation, porous flow, atmospheric and ocean dynamics, and solid-Earth wave cartoons

Explore
📐
85 sims
Math Visualization
Vectors, trigonometry, graphing, Fourier series, and fractals

Explore
🔧
48 sims
Engineering
Logic gates, bridge building, gears, and structural analysis

Explore
🧪
65 sims
Chemistry
Molecules, periodic table, reactions, pH scale, and titration

Explore
Featured Simulators
Our most popular and visually stunning simulations — jump right in.

Featured
School
Projectile Motion
Launch Simulator
Launch projectiles with adjustable angle, velocity, and gravity. Trace parabolic paths with real-time graphs.

Featured
School
Force Diagram Builder
Launch Simulator
Place objects, add force vectors, see net force and resulting acceleration.

Featured
School
Energy Conservation
Launch Simulator
Ball on a roller coaster track with real-time KE, PE, and total energy bars.

Featured
School
Simple Pendulum
Launch Simulator
Adjust length, mass, and gravity. Observe period and damping effects.

New
Featured
University / research
Double Pendulum
Launch Simulator
Mesmerizing chaotic motion with path tracing.

Featured
School
Wave on a String
Launch Simulator
Shake one end, adjust frequency and amplitude. Standing waves and reflections.

Featured
School
Wave Interference
Launch Simulator
Two sources creating constructive and destructive patterns. 2D ripple tank.

Featured
School
Electric Field Visualizer
Launch Simulator
Place charges and watch the E arrow grid, streamlines, and equipotentials update in real time.

Why PhysSandbox?
Runs in Browser
No downloads, no plugins. Just open and start experimenting on any device.

Real-Time Graphs
Live-updating position, velocity, and energy graphs alongside every simulation.

Touch-Friendly
Designed for tablets and phones. Pinch to zoom, drag to interact.

Completely Free
No paywalls, no registration needed. Education should be accessible to everyone.

Share Setups
Share specific configurations with students via URL. Perfect for teachers.

Fullscreen Mode
Project simulations on classroom screens in fullscreen mode.

Start Exploring
Jump into any of our 609+ simulators and start learning through interaction. No account needed.

Start with Mechanics
Explore Orbits
PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
PhysSandbox — Interactive Physics Simulators
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Labs
Virtual Labs · New
Run real lab work, in your browser
Procedural lab assignments built on top of our simulators: take measurements, fill the data table, fit the curve, and write the conclusion. No equipment needed.

School
· 20 min
Determining g with a Pendulum
Measure the period of a simple pendulum at several lengths, fit T² vs L, and recover the local gravitational acceleration.

Open the lab
School
· 25 min
Hooke's Law: Spring Constant
Apply known forces to a horizontal spring model; measure extension x, linear fit F vs x, read stiffness k.

Open the lab
School
· 30 min
Coefficient of Static Friction (Critical Angle)
Tilt a model ramp until the block slips; record the critical angle θ and estimate μ_s ≈ tan θ from several trials, then compare to the reference value.

Open the lab
School
· 28 min
Coefficient of Kinetic Friction (From Acceleration)
Slide a block down a rough ramp at a known angle; measure the along-ramp acceleration a and recover μ_k = tan θ − a/(g cos θ), averaged over several runs.

Open the lab
School
· 25 min
Archimedes' Principle: Density of a Solid (Floating Sphere)
A mystery sphere floats in water of known density. Read the submerged volume fraction at equilibrium and estimate the sphere’s density from ρ = f·ρ_w, averaged over noisy readings.

Open the lab
School
· 22 min
Ohm's Law: Finding an Unknown Resistance (V–I)
Sweep the supply voltage across a fixed mystery resistor; record (I, V) pairs with small instrument noise and recover R as the slope of the linear fit V versus I.

Open the lab
School
· 22 min
Focal Length of a Converging Thin Lens
Place a real object at several distances d_o along the optical axis; read noisy image distances d_i and recover the unknown focal length f from the Gaussian lens law, averaged over trials.

Open the lab
School
· 24 min
Kirchhoff's Current Law at a Series Junction (I₁ = I₂)
A fixed two-resistor series branch carries one unknown loop current. Record noisy ammeter readings I₁ and I₂ for several supply voltages; a linear fit of I₂ versus I₁ should recover unit slope — KCL at the intermediate node.

Open the lab
School
· 26 min
Speed of Sound from an Open–Open Resonance Tube
A fixed air column open at both ends; the model hides the true speed of sound. Tune to harmonic n, read noisy resonance frequencies fₙ, recover v from v = 2 fₙ L / n and average.

Open the lab
School
· 24 min
Spring–Mass Period versus Mass (T² vs m)
A fixed horizontal spring with unknown stiffness k; vary the attached mass m, record the small-amplitude period T with timing noise, and recover k from a linear fit of T² versus m.

Open the lab
School
· 22 min
RC Time Constant (Discharge τ = RC)
Discharge a capacitor through a known resistor. Record (t, V) and fit ln V versus time to get τ = RC.

Open the lab
School
· 22 min
RL Time Constant (τ = L/R on Rise)
Step the voltage on a series RL. Record i(t) and fit ln(1−i/i∞) vs t; slope = −1/τ, τ = L/R.

Open the lab
School
· 20 min
Snell's Law: Index of Refraction n₂
Measure θ₁ in air and θ₂ in glass; n₁ sin θ₁ = n₂ sin θ₂, with n₁ = 1, fit sin θ₂ vs sin θ₁ with slope 1/n₂.

Open the lab
School
· 18 min
Malus's Law: I = I₀ cos²θ
Rotate a polarizer; record I(θ) and fit I versus cos²θ. The slope is I₀ in arbitrary units.

Open the lab
School
· 24 min
Diffraction Grating: Wavelength from sin θ = mλ/d
For a known line density 1/d, record diffraction orders m and sin θ, fit sin θ vs m; λ = d·(slope).

Open the lab
School
· 28 min
Calorimetry: Specific Heat of a Metal
Known masses: hot metal (m_m) in cool water (m_w). Read equilibrium T_f with thermometer noise; c_m is computed from the energy balance.

Open the lab
School
· 20 min
Boyle's Law: PV at Constant T
Isothermal: PV = nRT. Record P and V; fit or mean the product PV.

Open the lab
School
· 20 min
Charles / Gay-Lussac: V ∝ T at Constant p
At fixed p, V/T = nR/p = const. Record V, T, compute V/T, take mean or fit.

Open the lab
School
· 24 min
Range vs Angle: g from R = (v₀²/g) sin 2θ
With fixed v₀, measure horizontal range R(θ) on flat ground, fit y = R vs x = sin2θ, slope = v₀²/g.

Open the lab
School
· 20 min
1D Collisions: Coefficient of Restitution e
One mass at rest, measured v₁′ and v₂′, e = −(v₂′−v₁′)/v₁.

Open the lab
School
· 22 min
Foucault Precession: Ω = Ω_E sin|λ|
Set latitude; read the effective precession rate; compare to Ω_E sin|λ|.

Open the lab
School
· 28 min
Planck's Constant h from the Photoelectric Effect
V_stopping(f): slope dV/df = h/e. Fit V vs f; h = e·slope.

Open the lab
School
· 24 min
Decay Constant from ln N(t)
N(t)=N₀e^(−λt), lnN = lnN₀ − λt, T½ = ln2/λ.

Open the lab
School
· 22 min
Wave Speed on a String: f_n = nv/(2L)
Record harmonics f_n, L fixed; v = 2f_n L/n, mean v.

Open the lab
School
· 24 min
μ₀ from Long Straight Wire: B = μ₀I/(2πr)
At fixed r, measure B for several I. Slope of B vs I is μ₀/(2πr).

Open the lab
School
· 20 min
Wheatstone Bridge: Unknown R_x at Balance
At null galvanometer, R_x = R2·R3/R1. Rebalance with different R1; mean R_x.

Open the lab
School
· 24 min
Solar Cell: η = P_mpp / P_in
From I–V sweeps, read P_mpp, divide by incident P_in; average η over light levels.

Open the lab
Kids
· 22 min
Determining g with an Atwood Machine
Time a known drop of the heavier mass at several mass ratios. Recover a = 2s/t² and fit a versus (m₁−m₂)/(m₁+m₂) to get g.

Open the lab
School
· 24 min
Ballistic Pendulum: Muzzle Speed
A bullet of unknown speed embeds in a hanging block. Measure the maximum swing angle at several cord lengths and recover v₀ from momentum and energy.

Open the lab
Kids
· 20 min
Sonometer: Linear Density μ
A string of unknown μ and fixed length. Measure the fundamental f₁ at several tensions and recover μ from a linear fit of f₁² versus T.

Open the lab
University / research
· 24 min
Hall Coefficient R_H
A Hall bar of known thickness and current, unknown R_H. Measure U_H at several B and recover R_H from the slope of U_H versus B. The sign names the carriers.

Open the lab
School
· 24 min
RLC Resonance: Unknown Inductance
A series RLC with known R and C and hidden L. Sweep frequency to the current peak at several capacitances, then recover L from a fit of 1/f₀² versus C.

Open the lab
University / research
· 24 min
Newton’s Rings: Lens Curvature R
Reflected Newton rings, air film, π phase jump. Measure dark-ring radii r_m and recover the hidden lens radius from a fit of r_m² versus m.

Open the lab
Kids
· 22 min
Young’s Double Slit: Wavelength
Double-slit fringes at a known screen distance. Measure the fringe spacing at several slit separations and recover the hidden λ from a fit of Δy versus 1/d.

Open the lab
Kids
· 24 min
Titration: Unknown Acid Concentration
Strong acid + strong base. V_a is known; C_a is hidden. Find the equivalence volume from the pH jump at several titrant concentrations and recover C_a from a fit of V_eq versus 1/C_b.

Open the lab
University / research
· 26 min
Arrhenius: Activation Energy from k(T)
First-order decay of an unknown reaction. Measure [A] at several temperatures, recover k = −ln([A]/[A]₀)/t, then fit ln k versus 1/T to get E_a.

Open the lab
School
· 22 min
Rydberg Constant from the Balmer Series
Hydrogen Balmer lines (n_f = 2). Measure λ at several n_i from a nanometre scale and recover R_H from a fit of 1/λ versus (1/4 − 1/n_i²).

Open the lab
School
· 24 min
Wien’s Displacement Constant
A black-body spectrum with hidden λ_max. Park a cursor on the B_λ peak at several temperatures and recover b from a fit of λ_max versus 1/T.

Open the lab
Kids
· 20 min
Thermal Expansion: Coefficient α
An unknown metal rod of known L₀. Measure ΔL at several ΔT and recover α from a fit of ΔL versus ΔT.

Open the lab
University / research
· 26 min
Cooper–Jacob: Aquifer Transmissivity
Pump a well at known Q. Measure drawdown s at an observation well versus time and recover T from the late-time slope of s versus log₁₀ t.

Open the lab
University / research
· 24 min
Pharmacokinetics: Elimination Half-Life
One-compartment IV bolus. Assay plasma C at several times, fit ln C versus t, and recover t₁/₂ = ln 2 / k_el. Clearance is k_el V_c once V_c is known.

Open the lab
University / research
· 22 min
Hemoglobin P50 from the Dissociation Curve
Standard pH / T / pCO₂. Measure saturation S at several pO₂ and recover P50 from a Hill linearization: ln(S/(1−S)) versus ln pO₂.

Open the lab
Kids
· 22 min
Kepler’s Third Law: T² versus a³
Time the orbital period at several semi-major axes. Fit T² versus a³ and recover the hidden GM of the model Sun from slope = 4π²/GM.

Open the lab
School
· 24 min
Weak-Acid Titration: pK_a at Half-Equivalence
Weak acid + strong base. Find V_eq from the pH jump, then read pH at V_b = V_eq/2. That pH is pK_a.

Open the lab
University / research
· 26 min
Hodgkin–Huxley: Pulse Threshold Current
Fixed-width current pulse on a squid-axon membrane. Step I until an action potential appears and report the threshold current.

Open the lab
Kids
· 20 min
Young’s Modulus from the Elastic Line
Unknown metal, elastic strains only. Measure stress at several strains and recover E from the slope of σ versus ε.

Open the lab
University / research
· 22 min
Nernst Slope for Potassium
Fixed T and [K]ᵢ. Measure E_K at several [K]ₒ and recover the decade slope of E versus log₁₀[K]ₒ.

Open the lab
University / research
· 24 min
Physical Pendulum: g from T(δ)
A uniform rod of known length. Time the small-angle period at several pivot distances from the centre of mass and recover g from a fit of T² versus (L²/12δ + δ).

Open the lab
University / research
· 22 min
Capstan: Coefficient of Friction μ
Known holding tension T₁. Measure the just-slipping T₂ at several wrap angles and recover μ from a fit of ln(T₂/T₁) versus φ.

Open the lab
School
· 22 min
LC Circuit: Unknown Inductance
Ideal series LC with known C and hidden L. Time the period at several capacitances and recover L from a fit of T² versus C.

Open the lab
University / research
· 22 min
Newton Cooling: Time Constant τ
Lumped object, known T₀ and T_∞. Measure T at several times and recover τ from a fit of ln((T−T_∞)/(T₀−T_∞)) versus t.

Open the lab
School
· 22 min
Parallel-Plate Capacitor: ε₀ from C(1/d)
Air-filled plates of known area. Measure C at several separations and recover ε₀ from a fit of C versus 1/d.

Open the lab
University / research
· 22 min
Stefan–Boltzmann Constant from M(T⁴)
A black-body cavity. Measure the radiometric exitance M at several temperatures and recover σ from a fit of M versus T⁴.

Open the lab
University / research
· 24 min
Compton Wavelength from Δλ(θ)
Known incident X-ray line. Measure the scattered wavelength at several angles and recover λ_C from a fit of Δλ versus (1 − cos θ).

Open the lab
University / research
· 24 min
Michaelis–Menten: K_m from Lineweaver–Burk
Unknown enzyme. Measure initial rate v at several [S] and recover K_m from a Lineweaver–Burk fit of 1/v versus 1/[S].

Open the lab
School
· 22 min
RC Low-Pass: −3 dB Cutoff Frequency
A hidden low-pass RC. Sweep frequency, find where |H| = 1/√2, and report that cutoff f_c.

Open the lab
School
· 22 min
Brewster Angle: Unknown Glass n
p-polarised light from air onto unknown glass. Find the incidence angle that extinguishes R_p and recover n = tan θ_B.

Open the lab
University / research
· 24 min
Nernst Equation: Electron Count n
Zn–Cu cell, known E° and [Zn²⁺]. Measure E at several [Cu²⁺], fit E versus ln Q, and recover n from the slope −RT/nF.

Open the lab
University / research
· 24 min
Bragg’s Law: Plane Spacing d
Known X-ray λ. For orders n = 1, 2, 3 find the grazing angle of the intensity peak and recover d from a fit of sin θ versus n.

Open the lab
University / research
· 22 min
Forced Oscillator: Natural Frequency from the Resonance Peak
A hidden driven oscillator. Sweep drive frequency, find the amplitude peak, and report that ω as ω₀.

Open the lab
University / research
· 24 min
Michelson Interferometer: Wavelength from Fringe Count
Unknown monochromatic source. Change the optical path difference, count centre-spot fringe changes, and recover λ from a fit of N versus Δ.

Open the lab
University / research
· 22 min
Lever Rule: Liquid Fraction on a Binary Diagram
Fixed T and overall C₀ on an isomorphous A–B diagram. Read the tie-line ends and recover the liquid fraction f_L.

Open the lab
University / research
· 24 min
Seismic Refraction: Basement Velocity from the Head-Wave Slope
Unknown two-layer section. Time the first arrival at large offsets and recover v₂ from a fit of t versus x.

Open the lab
University / research
· 22 min
Chemostat: Washout Dilution Rate
A hidden Monod culture with known feed S₀. Sweep dilution D, watch steady biomass, and report the washout threshold D_w.

Open the lab
University / research
· 24 min
Visual Binary: Total Mass from Kepler III
Known separation a in AU. Time the period at several a and recover M₁+M₂ from a fit of T² versus a³ (solar units).

Open the lab
School
· 20 min
Stellar Spectrum: Radial Velocity from a Line Shift
Known rest wavelength λ₀ (Hα). Park a cursor on the shifted absorption line and recover v ≈ c Δλ/λ₀.

Open the lab
University / research
· 22 min
Euler Column: Critical Load from the Onset of Buckling
Known L, E, I and pinned–pinned ends. Sweep the compressive load and report P when the deflection grows sharply.

Open the lab
University / research
· 22 min
Vibration Isolation: Onset at T = 1
A hidden base-excited isolator. Sweep the frequency ratio, watch T = X/Y, and report the r where isolation begins (T drops through 1).

Open the lab
University / research
· 24 min
PN Diode: Ideality Factor from ln I versus V
Unknown silicon diode at known T. Measure forward I at several V and recover n from a fit of ln I versus V.

Open the lab
University / research
· 24 min
Hill Dose–Response: EC50 from a Logit Fit
Unknown agonist. Measure effect E at several concentrations and recover EC50 from a fit of logit(E/Emax) versus log₁₀ C. Emax is known.

Open the lab
PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Labs · Virtual Lab | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Labs
/
Determining g with a Pendulum
Determining g with a Pendulum
Measure the period of a simple pendulum at several lengths, fit T² vs L, and recover the local gravitational acceleration.

School
· 20 min
·
Related simulator: Classical Mechanics / Simple Pendulum
Goal
Determine the free-fall acceleration g by measuring the period of a simple pendulum for several lengths and using a linear fit of T² versus L.

Equipment
Pendulum bob on a string
Length scale (slider)
Built-in stopwatch (auto-period)
Experiment
Vertical ruler (string length in metres)
Stopwatch (full animation run): 7.10 s
Pendulum length LL = 0.50 m

Initial angle θ₀θ₀ = 14°

Keep θ₀ small (≤ 15°) so the small-angle formula T = 2π√(L/g) holds.

Measure period
Press “Measure period”: the bob is released from θ₀, the period is averaged over several oscillations, and the (L, T, T²) row is added below.

Measurements
№	
Length L
m
Period T
s
T²
s²
1	0.50	1.431	2.048	
2	0.50	1.418	2.012	
Clear table
Export CSV
Data processing
Suggestions

Try at least ~6 points so random scatter averages down and the fit is stable.
The independent variable is clustered — if you can, widen the span of your settings across the slider range.
Linear fit (least squares)
Slope
—
Intercept
—
R²
—
Slope k = 4π²/g, intercept ≈ 0 (line through the origin).

Uncertainty
Instrument uncertainty (simple propagation)
Estimate ΔL (ruler / setup)

±0.005 m

Estimate ΔT (timing)

±0.0020 s

For each row, δ(T²) ≈ 2·|T|·ΔT (first-order). Values below use your ΔT slider.

Mean δ(T²)
±0.0057 s²
Worst-case δT / |T|
±0.14%
Mean ΔL / |L|
±1.00%
ΔL shifts the ideal period slightly; the linear fit also reflects scatter in your (L, T²) points.

Lab report
Opens the system print dialog — choose “Save as PDF” or your printer. Header and footer are hidden when printing.

Print / Save as PDF
One click opens the print dialog — choose “Save as PDF”.

Determining g with a Pendulum
Generated: 23 Sept 2026, 18:15

Goal
Determine the free-fall acceleration g by measuring the period of a simple pendulum for several lengths and using a linear fit of T² versus L.

Measurement table
#	Length L (m)	Period T (s)	T² (s²)
1	0.50	1.431	2.048
2	0.50	1.418	2.012
Fit and derived value
Add at least 2 measurements to compute the fit.

Conclusion
The measured value of g agrees with the textbook value 9.81 m/s² within the experimental error. The discrepancy is mainly due to a finite number of measurements and the small-angle approximation.

PhysSandbox virtual lab — values come from your session; add your own discussion of error sources.

Theory
For small amplitudes the period of a simple pendulum is T = 2π√(L/g), so T² = (4π²/g)·L. Plotting T² against L gives a straight line through the origin whose slope k = 4π²/g, hence g = 4π²/k.

Procedure
Set the pendulum length L using the slider (start with the smallest preset).
Press “Measure period”. The simulator releases the bob from a small angle and averages over several oscillations.
Record the resulting (L, T, T²) row in the lab notebook (it is added automatically).
Repeat the measurement for at least 5 different lengths covering the full available range.
Inspect the linear fit of T² vs L: the slope is k = 4π²/g, so compute g = 4π²/k (see theory).
Compare your value of g with the expected 9.81 m/s² and write the conclusion.
Conclusion
The measured value of g agrees with the textbook value 9.81 m/s² within the experimental error. The discrepancy is mainly due to a finite number of measurements and the small-angle approximation.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Determining g with a Pendulum — Virtual Lab | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Electricity & Magnetism
/
Gradient-B Drift
Gradient-B Drift
B_z(x,y) with weak gradient; orbit from q(E+v×B) at local B — gyration + drift.

Field
q/m
1.6

B₀
1.05

∂B/∂x (norm)
0.22

∂B/∂y (norm)
0.08

E_x
0

E_y
0

Reset particle
Uses q(E + v×B) with B_z depending on position — no separate drift formula; the stepwise orbit shows grad-B and E×B effects together.

Measured values
B at origin
1.050

About this model
Gradient-B drift visualizes the motion of a charged particle, like an electron or ion, in a non-uniform magnetic field. The core physics is governed by the Lorentz force law: F = q(E + v × B). In this simulation, the electric field E is zero, so the force is purely magnetic. The magnetic field B is oriented primarily in the +z direction (out of the screen) but has a weak, linear gradient in its magnitude across the x-y plane. A particle injected into this field initially undergoes simple gyration—circular motion around a local magnetic field line—with a cyclotron frequency ω_c = qB/m and gyroradius r_L = mv_⊥/|q|B. However, because the field strength B changes with position, the gyroradius is larger where B is weaker and smaller where B is stronger. Over each gyro-orbit, this slight difference creates a net displacement perpendicular to both the magnetic field and its gradient. The result is a slow, steady drift velocity, given by v_∇B = ± (m v_⊥² / (2q B³)) (B × ∇B), where the sign depends on the particle's charge. This simulator simplifies the complex 3D reality by using a 2D plane and a static, pre-defined magnetic field gradient. It neglects collisions, radiation, and relativistic effects to isolate the fundamental drift mechanism. By interacting with the simulation, students can visually connect the mathematical derivation of the drift velocity to the actual particle trajectory, observe how drift direction reverses with charge, and understand how this drift contributes to phenomena like the ring current in Earth's magnetosphere or confinement challenges in fusion plasmas.

Who it's for: Upper-level undergraduate physics or engineering students studying plasma physics, space physics, or electromagnetism, particularly those encountering particle motions in non-uniform magnetic fields.

Key terms

Lorentz Force
Gyroradius (Larmor Radius)
Cyclotron Frequency
Magnetic Gradient
Gradient-B Drift
Guiding Center Approximation
Plasma Confinement
Magnetosphere
How it works
Why toroidal plasmas need careful shaping: a spatially varying |B| bends guiding-center orbits perpendicular to both B and ∇B.

Frequently asked questions
Why does the drift occur perpendicular to both the field and the gradient?
The drift arises from the imbalance in the Lorentz force over one gyro-orbit. Where the field is stronger, the gyroradius and instantaneous curvature of the path are smaller. This asymmetric bending, when integrated over a full cycle, results in a net force (analogous to a centrifugal force) pointing away from the high-field region. For a positively charged particle, the v×B force then converts this into a net drift velocity that is perpendicular to both the main B-field direction and the direction of the gradient, as dictated by the vector cross product in the drift formula.
Is this drift relevant in real-world applications?
Absolutely. Gradient-B drift is a fundamental mechanism in space and fusion plasma physics. In Earth's magnetosphere, it contributes to the formation of the Van Allen radiation belts and the ring current. In magnetic confinement fusion devices like tokamaks, this drift, if uncompensated, would cause charged particles to drift out of the confinement region and hit the walls. Understanding it is crucial for designing machines that can sustain a fusion reaction.
Why is the electric field set to zero in this simulator?
Setting E=0 allows the simulation to isolate and demonstrate the gradient-B drift mechanism specifically. In many real scenarios, both electric fields and magnetic field gradients are present, leading to combined drifts (e.g., E×B drift plus ∇B drift). By removing the electric field, we can clearly see the curved, drifting trajectory resulting purely from the magnetic non-uniformity, which is a key conceptual building block.
What is the 'guiding center' and how is it used here?
The guiding center is a theoretical point that represents the average position of a gyrating particle—the center of its circular Larmor motion. In this simulation, the particle's rapid gyration is resolved, but the analysis of the drift is often done using the guiding center approximation. This method separates the fast gyromotion from the slower drift by averaging over a gyroperiod, making it much easier to calculate and visualize the large-scale drift motion, which is the path the guiding center follows.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 65 in Electricity & Magnetism.

View category →
New
School
Particle in E and B Fields
Launch Simulator
Lorentz force: cyclotron motion, E×B drift, trajectories in sim units.

New
University / research
Magnetic Mirror (Bottle)
Launch Simulator
Axial B(z) pinch; μ adiabatic invariant, v∥ from −μ ∂B/∂z — Van Allen / mirror sketch.

New
University / research
Mass Spectrometer (Sector)
Launch Simulator
Velocity selector v = E/B then magnetic sector: different m/q bend to different radii (2D schematic).

New
School
Cyclotron (Schematic)
Launch Simulator
B uniform, oscillating E in gap; spiral growth; ω_c = (q/m)B in sim units.

New
University / research
Radiation Belts Drift Shells
Launch Simulator
Van Allen belts: gradient and curvature drift on dipole L-shells, mirror latitude, equatorial loss cone α_lc(L); electrons west, protons east.

New
School
Hall Effect
Launch Simulator
U_H = R_H I B / t; R_H sign for e⁻ vs holes; B, I, n, t.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Gradient-B Drift — Simulator | PhysSandbox
PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Classical Mechanics
/
Faraday Waves
Faraday Waves
Vertical parametric drive of a thin liquid layer: Mathieu sub-harmonic instability locks stripes, squares or hexagons.

Pause
Reset
Pattern
Mode set (number of standing-wave directions)
2 directions (90°) → squares
Vertical drive
Drive frequency ω_d
8 rad/s

Drive amplitude ε
1.5

Damping γ
0.18

Each standing-wave amplitude obeys a damped Mathieu oscillator A¨ + 2γ A˙ + ω₀²(1 + ε cos ω_d t)A = 0 with ω₀ = ω_d/2. Inside the first instability tongue (low γ, ε past threshold) the response sub-harmonically locks at ω_d/2; superposing 1, 2 or 3 standing waves selects stripes, squares or hexagons.

Measured values
ω_d
8.0rad/s
ω₀ = ω_d/2
4.00rad/s
ε
1.50
γ
0.18

About this model
A thin liquid layer sitting on a vertically vibrated plate develops standing surface waves at half the drive frequency — Faraday waves. Each Fourier mode of the surface obeys a damped Mathieu equation ä + 2γ ȧ + ω₀²(1 + ε cos ωₐ t) a = 0; when the parametric forcing ε exceeds a damping-dependent threshold, the sub-harmonic response a ∼ exp(σ t) cos(ωₐ t/2) blows up and saturates into stripes, squares, or hexagons depending on container geometry and dissipation. Our simulator integrates a small bank of such Mathieu oscillators and superposes their cosines to render the surface in real time.

Who it's for: Intro nonlinear dynamics, parametric resonance, and pattern-formation physics; pairs nicely with the Mathieu/Hill simulator.

Key terms

Faraday waves
parametric instability
Mathieu equation
sub-harmonic response
pattern formation
standing wave
How it works
Vertically shaking a thin layer of liquid drives the surface through a Mathieu equation. The fluid responds at half the drive frequency and forms regular stripes, squares or hexagons — a textbook example of pattern formation by parametric instability.

Key equations
A¨ + 2γ A˙ + ω₀² (1 + ε cos ω_d t) A = 0
sub-harmonic response: ω_response ≈ ω_d / 2
Frequently asked questions
Why does the surface oscillate at half the drive frequency?
The Mathieu equation has a primary instability tongue centred at ωₐ = 2 ω₀: the parametric pump deposits energy most efficiently into modes whose natural frequency is half of the drive. That sub-harmonic response is the signature of Faraday waves.
What sets the pattern (stripes vs squares vs hexagons)?
The selection comes from weakly nonlinear interactions of competing modes — damping, fluid depth, and meniscus boundary conditions favour different symmetries. Our simulator only chooses a few Fourier modes, so the patterns we draw are illustrative cartoons rather than predictions.
How is this related to the swing-pumping demo?
Pumping a swing by squatting at twice the swing frequency is the same parametric resonance: the natural oscillator is excited by a periodic modulation of one of its parameters (effective length here, restoring force there).
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 85 in Classical Mechanics.

View category →
New
University / research
Water Hammer (1D)
Launch Simulator
Linearized P,V waves; valve closes; Joukowsky ΔP ≈ ρaV hint.

New
University / research
Rocket Propulsion
Launch Simulator
Variable mass: thrust ṁu, Tsiolkovsky Δv, vertical launch with gravity.

New
University / research
Kapitza Pendulum
Launch Simulator
Pivot shakes vertically: fast driving can stabilize the inverted equilibrium — parametric pumping in θ̈ + (g/L) sin θ ≈ (Aω²/L) cos(ωt) sin θ.

New
School
Coupled Pendulum Chain
Launch Simulator
N pendula with neighbor springs in θ: watch traveling waves and reflections after a center kick.

New
School
Forced Oscillator
Launch Simulator
Driven damped harmonic oscillator: transients, resonance curve A(ω).

New
University / research
Quarter-Car Suspension
Launch Simulator
¼-vehicle vertical model: sprung vs unsprung masses, Kₛ, Cₛ, tire Kₜ, sinusoidal road — RK4 time histories.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Classical Mechanics
/
Faraday Waves
Faraday Waves
Vertical parametric drive of a thin liquid layer: Mathieu sub-harmonic instability locks stripes, squares or hexagons.

Pause
Reset
Pattern
Mode set (number of standing-wave directions)
2 directions (90°) → squares
Vertical drive
Drive frequency ω_d
5.5 rad/s

Drive amplitude ε
3

Damping γ
0.02

Each standing-wave amplitude obeys a damped Mathieu oscillator A¨ + 2γ A˙ + ω₀²(1 + ε cos ω_d t)A = 0 with ω₀ = ω_d/2. Inside the first instability tongue (low γ, ε past threshold) the response sub-harmonically locks at ω_d/2; superposing 1, 2 or 3 standing waves selects stripes, squares or hexagons.

Measured values
ω_d
5.5rad/s
ω₀ = ω_d/2
2.75rad/s
ε
3.00
γ
0.02

About this model
A thin liquid layer sitting on a vertically vibrated plate develops standing surface waves at half the drive frequency — Faraday waves. Each Fourier mode of the surface obeys a damped Mathieu equation ä + 2γ ȧ + ω₀²(1 + ε cos ωₐ t) a = 0; when the parametric forcing ε exceeds a damping-dependent threshold, the sub-harmonic response a ∼ exp(σ t) cos(ωₐ t/2) blows up and saturates into stripes, squares, or hexagons depending on container geometry and dissipation. Our simulator integrates a small bank of such Mathieu oscillators and superposes their cosines to render the surface in real time.

Who it's for: Intro nonlinear dynamics, parametric resonance, and pattern-formation physics; pairs nicely with the Mathieu/Hill simulator.

Key terms

Faraday waves
parametric instability
Mathieu equation
sub-harmonic response
pattern formation
standing wave
How it works
Vertically shaking a thin layer of liquid drives the surface through a Mathieu equation. The fluid responds at half the drive frequency and forms regular stripes, squares or hexagons — a textbook example of pattern formation by parametric instability.

Key equations
A¨ + 2γ A˙ + ω₀² (1 + ε cos ω_d t) A = 0
sub-harmonic response: ω_response ≈ ω_d / 2
Frequently asked questions
Why does the surface oscillate at half the drive frequency?
The Mathieu equation has a primary instability tongue centred at ωₐ = 2 ω₀: the parametric pump deposits energy most efficiently into modes whose natural frequency is half of the drive. That sub-harmonic response is the signature of Faraday waves.
What sets the pattern (stripes vs squares vs hexagons)?
The selection comes from weakly nonlinear interactions of competing modes — damping, fluid depth, and meniscus boundary conditions favour different symmetries. Our simulator only chooses a few Fourier modes, so the patterns we draw are illustrative cartoons rather than predictions.
How is this related to the swing-pumping demo?
Pumping a swing by squatting at twice the swing frequency is the same parametric resonance: the natural oscillator is excited by a periodic modulation of one of its parameters (effective length here, restoring force there).
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 85 in Classical Mechanics.

View category →
New
University / research
Water Hammer (1D)
Launch Simulator
Linearized P,V waves; valve closes; Joukowsky ΔP ≈ ρaV hint.

New
University / research
Rocket Propulsion
Launch Simulator
Variable mass: thrust ṁu, Tsiolkovsky Δv, vertical launch with gravity.

New
University / research
Kapitza Pendulum
Launch Simulator
Pivot shakes vertically: fast driving can stabilize the inverted equilibrium — parametric pumping in θ̈ + (g/L) sin θ ≈ (Aω²/L) cos(ωt) sin θ.

New
School
Coupled Pendulum Chain
Launch Simulator
N pendula with neighbor springs in θ: watch traveling waves and reflections after a center kick.

New
School
Forced Oscillator
Launch Simulator
Driven damped harmonic oscillator: transients, resonance curve A(ω).

New
University / research
Quarter-Car Suspension
Launch Simulator
¼-vehicle vertical model: sprung vs unsprung masses, Kₛ, Cₛ, tire Kₜ, sinusoidal road — RK4 time histories.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Classical Mechanics
/
Newton's Cradle
Newton's Cradle
Conservation of momentum and energy visualized with swinging balls.

Launch
Initial speed of left ball
220 (arb.)

Air / hinge damping
0.08

Five equal spheres in a line. Tap Release to start — until then the cradle is at rest. The left ball strikes the pack; elastic collisions swap speeds along the chain so the last ball pops out, then the pattern reverses.

Display
Release
Reset
Shortcuts

Space or Enter — release swing
R — reset
Measured values
t
0.00s
KE (ball 1)
0
KE (ball 5)
0
Σ KE (all 5)
0

Live graphs
About this model
Newton's cradle is the desk toy of suspended metal spheres that collide in a line. Ideal elastic collisions between identical spheres transfer momentum and energy in a way that launches one outgoing sphere when one incoming sphere strikes a stationary chain—an illustration of one-dimensional impulse propagation and approximate Hertzian contact mechanics. Real cradles deviate: dispersion in the balls and supports, slight misalignment, internal modes, and inelasticity cause secondary motion and imperfect single-sphere ejection. The simulator typically treats spheres as point masses or rigid bodies with a chosen coefficient of restitution, sometimes including small angles for visual flair but keeping the pedagogy one-dimensional. Students compare momentum-conserving limits with energy loss, discuss why the *last* ball pops out in the ideal story, and connect the demo to collision lessons in 1D and 2D simulators elsewhere in the catalog.

Who it's for: High school mechanics classes reinforcing impulse, momentum conservation, and coefficients of restitution after introducing Newton's laws.

Key terms

Impulse
Momentum conservation
Elastic collision
Coefficient of restitution
Hertzian contact
1D chain
Dispersion
Newton's cradle
How it works
Newton’s cradle idealizes equal masses in a line with elastic impacts. In 1D, two equal spheres in a head-on elastic collision exchange velocities. Here a small chain propagates that impulse; light damping models air and hinge losses so motion eventually stops.

Key equations
Elastic, equal masses: v₁′ = v₂,   v₂′ = v₁ (head-on)
p = Σ mᵢvᵢ   conserved in elastic collisions
Frequently asked questions
If momentum is conserved, must kinetic energy be conserved too?
No. Momentum can be conserved with partial energy loss to heat and sound. The textbook equal-mass elastic swap is a special case with e = 1.
Why do real cradles sometimes launch two balls?
Small gaps, angular wobble, and imperfect timing break the ideal simultaneous-contact assumption, redistributing momentum across neighbors.
Is this the same math as the 1D collisions lab?
Yes in spirit: sequential pairwise collisions with restitution laws. The cradle emphasizes wave-like impulse transfer through multiple contacts.
Does angular momentum matter here?
If spheres twist or strings apply torques, yes. Many didactic models freeze rotation and treat line-of-centers impacts only.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 85 in Classical Mechanics.

View category →
School
1D Collisions
Launch Simulator
Elastic and inelastic collisions with momentum and energy tracking.

School
2D Collisions
Launch Simulator
Billiard-ball style collisions with adjustable angles.

New
School
Wall Bounce
Launch Simulator
2D box: frictionless walls, restitution e, optional gravity. Trails and kinetic energy graph.

New
School
Oblique Wall Impact
Launch Simulator
One tilted segment: e, angles to normal n, open boundaries vs closed Wall Bounce.

New
School
Pendulum Collision
Launch Simulator
Two bobs: hit along normal, e elastic; θ¨ between hits vs 1D collisions.

Featured
School
Energy Conservation
Launch Simulator
Ball on a roller coaster track with real-time KE, PE, and total energy bars.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Astronomy & The Sky
/
Supernova Light Curves
Supernova Light Curves
Schematic Ia rise/decay vs II-P plateau; standard-candle note.

Light curve family
Time stretch
1×

Measured values
Class
Ia (sketch)
Rise to ~peak (order)
18 d

About this model
Supernova light curves encode explosion physics. Type Ia events—thermonuclear disruptions of carbon–oxygen white dwarfs near the Chandrasekhar mass—show a fast rise, a peak, then a decline powered largely by ⁵⁶Ni → ⁵⁶Co decay; after calibration (stretch, color) they anchor cosmological distances. Type II supernovae arise from core collapse of massive stars; II-P shows a plateau from hydrogen recombination before a radioactive tail. The curves here are analytic teaching shapes, not fits to SNfactory, CfA, or Pan-STARRS light curves.

Who it's for: Astrophysics overview after HR diagrams; pairs with cosmic distance ladder and cosmology pages.

Key terms

Type Ia supernova
Type II-P
Light curve
Standard candle
Nickel decay
Core collapse
Plateau
How it works
Type Ia supernovae (thermonuclear disruption of a white dwarf near the Chandrasekhar limit) show a fast rise, a peak, then a decline powered largely by ⁵⁶Ni decay—empirically usable as standardizable candles after stretch/color corrections. Type II (core collapse) are diverse; II-P shows a plateau from extended hydrogen recombination before a slower tail. This page draws schematic analytic shapes for lectures, not Bolometric fits to individual events.

Key equations
Standard candle: m = M + 5 log₁₀(d_L/10 pc) after calibration — real Ia need SALT2/Tripp-style terms
Frequently asked questions
Are Type Ia perfectly standard?
No—intrinsic scatter exists; cosmology uses empirical corrections and often Cepheid-calibrated ladders.
What about Type Ib/c or superluminous events?
Many other classes exist; this page highlights the Ia vs II-P pedagogical contrast only.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 51 in Astronomy & The Sky.

View category →
New
University / research
Cosmic Distance Ladder
Launch Simulator
Log distance scale with parallax, standard candles, and Hubble-flow cartoon rungs.

New
School
Exoplanet Transit (light curve)
Launch Simulator
Uniform disk overlap; R_p/R_*; impact b; F(t) vs period.

New
University / research
Big Bang Nucleosynthesis (BBN)
Launch Simulator
Light-element abundance curves H, ⁴He, D, ³He, ⁷Li vs cosmic time / temperature. Weak freeze-out, neutron decay gap, deuterium bottleneck → Y_p ≈ 0.245. Slide η₁₀ and N_eff over the classic BBN curves; observed values overlaid.

New
School
Measuring c (ToF toy)
Launch Simulator
c ≈ 2D/Δt round-trip; schematic path + Fizeau/Foucault context.

New
School
Stellar Life Cycle
Launch Simulator
Cloud → MS → giant/SN → WD / NS / BH vs initial mass (schematic).

New
School
Hertzsprung–Russell Diagram
Launch Simulator
Schematic HR regions; drag a star to see main sequence, giants, white dwarfs.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Electricity & Magnetism
/
Cherenkov Radiation Cone
Cherenkov Radiation Cone
Charged particle in a medium of refractive index n: spherical wavefronts of phase velocity c/n pile up on a Mach-like cone with half-angle cos θ_c = 1/(βn) once β > 1/n. Animated wavefronts, magenta cone envelope and material presets (water, glass, diamond) explain the blue glow of pool reactors and IceCube/Super-Kamiokande detection.

Pause
Particle & medium
β = v/c
0.85

Refractive index n
1.333

Medium preset
Water (visible)
When a charged particle exceeds the phase velocity of light c/n in a medium, its wavefronts pile up on a Mach-like cone with half-angle satisfying cos θ_c = 1/(βn). Below the threshold β_thr = 1/n no cone forms. The classic blue glow of pool-type research reactors and the directional pulses recorded by IceCube and Super-Kamiokande are direct consequences. The simulation renders spherical wavefronts in the medium (cyan), the relativistic particle (yellow) and the resulting Cherenkov cone (magenta).

Measured values
n
1.3330
β threshold
0.7502
cos θ_c
0.8826
θ_c
28.05°

About this model
A charged particle moving through a dielectric of refractive index n emits electromagnetic radiation when its speed v = βc exceeds the phase speed of light in the medium, c/n. Spherical wavefronts pile up on a Mach-like cone whose half-angle satisfies cos θ_c = 1/(βn). The lab animates those wavefronts, a magenta cone envelope, and material presets (water, glass, diamond) so you can see how n and β set the opening angle. Assumptions: uniform isotropic medium, constant particle velocity, and geometric optics of the wavefront envelope—no full spectral intensity or polarization. Vary β and the medium to watch the cone appear only for β > 1/n and open wider as βn increases.

Who it's for: Advanced undergraduate and graduate particle physics, nuclear physics, and radiation-detection courses.

Key terms

Cherenkov radiation
Cherenkov angle
refractive index
phase velocity
β threshold
particle detector
How it works
Cherenkov radiation simulator: a charged particle of speed v = βc traversing a medium of refractive index n. Spherical light wavefronts of speed c/n form a Mach-like cone with half-angle cos θ_c = 1/(βn) when β > 1/n. Below threshold the wavefronts overtake the particle; above threshold the magenta cone is the famous Cherenkov radiation pattern.

Frequently asked questions
Why is there a speed threshold?
Light in the medium travels at c/n, not c. If the particle is slower than that phase speed, wavefronts never catch up into a coherent cone. The condition β > 1/n is geometric, not a quantum barrier—below threshold there is still polarization response, but no Cherenkov cone.
Does a larger θ_c mean a faster particle?
From cos θ_c = 1/(βn), larger β (or larger n) makes θ_c larger—the cone opens wider toward 90°. A common mix-up with sonic booms is thinking the angle shrinks with speed; here faster particles open the cone until β→1.
Why do pool reactors and IceCube look blue?
Cherenkov spectra favor shorter wavelengths in the visible, so water detectors glow blue. IceCube and Super-Kamiokande use that light timing and pattern—this simulator shows the cone geometry that underlies those rings, not the full photon yield.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 65 in Electricity & Magnetism.

View category →
New
University / research
Langmuir Plasma Oscillations
Launch Simulator
Collective electron oscillations at ω_p = √(n_e e²/ε₀m_e): animated δn wave, Bohm–Gross dispersion ω(k), and ω_p vs density.

New
University / research
VSWR & Standing Wave (Transmission Line)
Launch Simulator
Complex Z_L → Γ and VSWR; voltage magnitude envelope and animated Re{V} along a lossless line.

New
University / research
Radiation Belts Drift Shells
Launch Simulator
Van Allen belts: gradient and curvature drift on dipole L-shells, mirror latitude, equatorial loss cone α_lc(L); electrons west, protons east.

New
University / research
Magnetic Mirror (Bottle)
Launch Simulator
Axial B(z) pinch; μ adiabatic invariant, v∥ from −μ ∂B/∂z — Van Allen / mirror sketch.

New
University / research
Alfvén Wave on a Magnetic Field Line
Launch Simulator
Transverse MHD Alfvén wave: v_A = B/√(μ₀ρ), animated field-line displacement, standing modes and pulse reflections at fixed boundaries.

New
University / research
Parker Spiral Solar Wind
Launch Simulator
Rotating Sun plus radial solar wind: interplanetary B spirals with tan ψ = Ωr/v_sw, animated field lines (top view), ψ(r) and |B| falloff.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Optics & Light
/
Fiber Bend & TIR Loss
Fiber Bend & TIR Loss
Curved core: outer-wall incidence vs θ_c; tight R leaks (meridional sketch).

Fiber & bend
n_core
1.48

n_cladding
1.46

Ray angle (axis)
8°

Bend radius R
120

Tighter bends tilt meridional rays at the **outer** cladding; when incidence exceeds **θ_c = arcsin(n_clad/n_core)**, power leaks (macro-bending; micro-bends and mode coupling omitted).

Shortcuts

Reduce bend radius until the outer hit loses TIR
Compare θ_c to the sketched incidence at the outer wall
Measured values
θ_c
80.57°
Δθ (a/R)
0.48°

About this model
Optical fibers guide light by total internal reflection (TIR) at the core-cladding interface, requiring the ray's angle of incidence to exceed the critical angle. This simulator visualizes how bending an optical fiber can cause light to leak out, a primary source of signal loss in real-world fiber optic systems. It focuses on meridional rays—those that pass through the fiber's central axis—traveling through a curved fiber segment. The core physics is governed by Snell's Law, which defines the critical angle θ_c = arcsin(n_cladding / n_core). In a straight fiber, a ray with an angle θ_i (measured from the axis) less than the acceptance angle will be trapped. However, when the fiber is bent with a radius of curvature R, the geometry of the ray's path relative to the outer wall changes. The ray's effective angle of incidence on the curved interface decreases. If the bend radius R is too small, this effective angle falls below θ_c, violating the TIR condition and causing the ray to refract out of the core. The simulator simplifies the complex 3D nature of light propagation by using a 2D cross-section and considering only meridional rays, ignoring skew rays and modal effects. It also assumes a perfect step-index fiber with sharp, smooth interfaces and neglects absorption and scattering losses. By adjusting parameters like bend radius, core/cladding refractive indices, and input ray angle, students can explore the relationship between bend tightness, incidence geometry, and TIR failure. They learn to predict the minimum safe bend radius for a given fiber and input condition, connecting fundamental optics principles to a critical engineering constraint in telecommunications and medical endoscopy.

Who it's for: Undergraduate students in optics, photonics, or electrical engineering courses covering waveguide theory and fiber optic fundamentals.

Key terms

Total Internal Reflection (TIR)
Critical Angle
Snell's Law
Refractive Index
Bend Loss
Meridional Ray
Step-Index Fiber
Acceptance Angle
How it works
Complements Numerical Aperture: even rays inside the acceptance cone can radiate if the guide curves too sharply — the same step-index interface, but geometry breaks TIR at the outside of the bend.

Key equations
θ_c = arcsin(n_clad / n_core) · sketch: θᵢ,outer ≈ θ_ray + a/R
Frequently asked questions
Why does bending a fiber cause light to leak out? Doesn't the light still hit the interface?
Bending changes the geometry. In a straight fiber, a trapped ray hits the core-cladding interface at a steep angle (relative to the local normal). In a bend, especially on the outer wall of the curve, the ray approaches the interface at a shallower angle. If this new angle of incidence becomes smaller than the critical angle, TIR fails, and the ray refracts into the cladding, leading to loss.
Does this model apply to all light in a real optical fiber?
This simulator is a simplified 2D model considering only 'meridional' rays that pass through the fiber axis. Real fibers also carry 'skew rays' that spiral without crossing the axis, which can have different bend loss characteristics. Furthermore, a full wave optics treatment considers guided modes, but this ray optics approach provides an intuitive and correct explanation for the primary mechanism of macrobend loss.
What is the real-world importance of understanding bend loss?
Bend loss sets practical limits on how tightly fiber optic cables can be coiled or routed in installations, such as in data centers, undersea cables, or fiber-to-the-home networks. Excessive bending causes signal attenuation and data errors. Conversely, specially designed 'bend-insensitive' fibers use advanced refractive index profiles to minimize this effect, allowing tighter bends in confined spaces.
How is the 'acceptance angle' related to bend loss?
The acceptance angle defines the maximum input angle for light to be initially guided in a straight fiber. A ray launched at this maximum angle is already at the critical angle for TIR. When such a marginally guided ray enters a bend, its effective incidence angle is most easily pushed below the critical angle, causing it to leak. Rays launched well within the acceptance cone are more robust to bending.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 50 in Optics & Light.

View category →
New
School
Fiber: Numerical Aperture
Launch Simulator
NA from n_core, n_clad; acceptance angle and bend loss cue.

School
Total Internal Reflection
Launch Simulator
Find the critical angle. Fiber optics analogy.

Featured
School
Refraction
Launch Simulator
Light crossing boundaries. Snell's law with angle measurements.

New
University / research
Evanescent Wave (TIR)
Launch Simulator
Beyond θ_c: penetration depth scale in the rarer medium vs λ.

New
School
Rainbow in a Droplet
Launch Simulator
Snell in a sphere: primary (1× internal reflection ~42°) and secondary (2× ~51°, reversed spectrum); scan b/R and n.

New
School
Prism & Dispersion
Launch Simulator
White light through a prism creating a rainbow spectrum.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Fiber Bend & TIR Loss — Simulator | PhysSandbox

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Optics & Light
/
Fiber Bend & TIR Loss
Fiber Bend & TIR Loss
Curved core: outer-wall incidence vs θ_c; tight R leaks (meridional sketch).

Fiber & bend
n_core
1.465

n_cladding
1.435

Ray angle (axis)
0°

Bend radius R
220

Tighter bends tilt meridional rays at the **outer** cladding; when incidence exceeds **θ_c = arcsin(n_clad/n_core)**, power leaks (macro-bending; micro-bends and mode coupling omitted).

Shortcuts

Reduce bend radius until the outer hit loses TIR
Compare θ_c to the sketched incidence at the outer wall
Measured values
θ_c
78.38°
Δθ (a/R)
0.26°

About this model
Optical fibers guide light by total internal reflection (TIR) at the core-cladding interface, requiring the ray's angle of incidence to exceed the critical angle. This simulator visualizes how bending an optical fiber can cause light to leak out, a primary source of signal loss in real-world fiber optic systems. It focuses on meridional rays—those that pass through the fiber's central axis—traveling through a curved fiber segment. The core physics is governed by Snell's Law, which defines the critical angle θ_c = arcsin(n_cladding / n_core). In a straight fiber, a ray with an angle θ_i (measured from the axis) less than the acceptance angle will be trapped. However, when the fiber is bent with a radius of curvature R, the geometry of the ray's path relative to the outer wall changes. The ray's effective angle of incidence on the curved interface decreases. If the bend radius R is too small, this effective angle falls below θ_c, violating the TIR condition and causing the ray to refract out of the core. The simulator simplifies the complex 3D nature of light propagation by using a 2D cross-section and considering only meridional rays, ignoring skew rays and modal effects. It also assumes a perfect step-index fiber with sharp, smooth interfaces and neglects absorption and scattering losses. By adjusting parameters like bend radius, core/cladding refractive indices, and input ray angle, students can explore the relationship between bend tightness, incidence geometry, and TIR failure. They learn to predict the minimum safe bend radius for a given fiber and input condition, connecting fundamental optics principles to a critical engineering constraint in telecommunications and medical endoscopy.

Who it's for: Undergraduate students in optics, photonics, or electrical engineering courses covering waveguide theory and fiber optic fundamentals.

Key terms

Total Internal Reflection (TIR)
Critical Angle
Snell's Law
Refractive Index
Bend Loss
Meridional Ray
Step-Index Fiber
Acceptance Angle
How it works
Complements Numerical Aperture: even rays inside the acceptance cone can radiate if the guide curves too sharply — the same step-index interface, but geometry breaks TIR at the outside of the bend.

Key equations
θ_c = arcsin(n_clad / n_core) · sketch: θᵢ,outer ≈ θ_ray + a/R
Frequently asked questions
Why does bending a fiber cause light to leak out? Doesn't the light still hit the interface?
Bending changes the geometry. In a straight fiber, a trapped ray hits the core-cladding interface at a steep angle (relative to the local normal). In a bend, especially on the outer wall of the curve, the ray approaches the interface at a shallower angle. If this new angle of incidence becomes smaller than the critical angle, TIR fails, and the ray refracts into the cladding, leading to loss.
Does this model apply to all light in a real optical fiber?
This simulator is a simplified 2D model considering only 'meridional' rays that pass through the fiber axis. Real fibers also carry 'skew rays' that spiral without crossing the axis, which can have different bend loss characteristics. Furthermore, a full wave optics treatment considers guided modes, but this ray optics approach provides an intuitive and correct explanation for the primary mechanism of macrobend loss.
What is the real-world importance of understanding bend loss?
Bend loss sets practical limits on how tightly fiber optic cables can be coiled or routed in installations, such as in data centers, undersea cables, or fiber-to-the-home networks. Excessive bending causes signal attenuation and data errors. Conversely, specially designed 'bend-insensitive' fibers use advanced refractive index profiles to minimize this effect, allowing tighter bends in confined spaces.
How is the 'acceptance angle' related to bend loss?
The acceptance angle defines the maximum input angle for light to be initially guided in a straight fiber. A ray launched at this maximum angle is already at the critical angle for TIR. When such a marginally guided ray enters a bend, its effective incidence angle is most easily pushed below the critical angle, causing it to leak. Rays launched well within the acceptance cone are more robust to bending.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 50 in Optics & Light.

View category →
New
School
Fiber: Numerical Aperture
Launch Simulator
NA from n_core, n_clad; acceptance angle and bend loss cue.

School
Total Internal Reflection
Launch Simulator
Find the critical angle. Fiber optics analogy.

Featured
School
Refraction
Launch Simulator
Light crossing boundaries. Snell's law with angle measurements.

New
University / research
Evanescent Wave (TIR)
Launch Simulator
Beyond θ_c: penetration depth scale in the rarer medium vs λ.

New
School
Rainbow in a Droplet
Launch Simulator
Snell in a sphere: primary (1× internal reflection ~42°) and secondary (2× ~51°, reversed spectrum); scan b/R and n.

New
School
Prism & Dispersion
Launch Simulator
White light through a prism creating a rainbow spectrum.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Fiber Bend & TIR Loss — Simulator | PhysSandbox

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Waves & Sound
/
Huygens Principle (Slit)
Huygens Principle (Slit)
Secondary sources on slit; superposition & diffraction sketch; not full optics.

Pause
Reset phase
Wave & slit
Wavelength λ
0.55 (arb.)

Slit width a
0.72 (arb.)

# secondary sources
15

Animation f
0.85 Hz

Overlay
Each point on the slit acts as a secondary source of circular wavelets. Their sum to the right reproduces a bent wavefront and spreading (Fraunhofer-style far-field is not computed — this is a near-field Huygens–Fresnel sketch).

Shortcuts

Space / Enter — pause / resume
R — reset phase
Measured values
k = 2π/λ
11.424
ω
5.341rad/s
Sources on slit
15

About this model
Huygens' Principle provides a powerful geometric method for predicting how waves propagate. It states that every point on a wavefront can be considered a source of secondary spherical wavelets. The new wavefront at a later time is the envelope of these wavelets. This simulator applies this principle to the classic case of a plane wave incident on a single slit. It visualizes the construction of the diffracted wavefront by treating numerous point sources along the slit opening as emitters of circular wavelets. The user can observe how the superposition of these wavelets—their interference—creates the characteristic diffraction pattern on a screen. The model calculates the resulting intensity pattern using the principle of superposition and the analytic solution for single-slit Fraunhofer diffraction, where the intensity I(θ) is proportional to [sin(β)/β]², with β = (πa sinθ)/λ, where 'a' is the slit width, λ is the wavelength, and θ is the angle from the central axis. Key simplifications include a 2D model (slit as a line source), monochromatic light, and the far-field (Fraunhofer) approximation where the screen is effectively at infinity. By interacting with the controls for slit width and wavelength, students learn how these parameters affect the diffraction pattern's width and spacing, directly connecting the mathematical model to a visual, physical process.

Who it's for: Undergraduate physics and engineering students studying wave optics, particularly those covering Huygens' Principle, superposition, and introductory diffraction theory.

Key terms

Huygens' Principle
Diffraction
Single Slit
Wave Superposition
Wavelets
Fraunhofer Diffraction
Interference
Wavefront
How it works
Huygens pictured every point on a wavefront as a source of secondary wavelets; the envelope of those wavelets is the new front. A slit restricts where those sources exist, so the field spreads and diffracts. This page uses a discrete set of sources on the opening and complex superposition (cyan ≈ amplitude); it is not a full scalar diffraction integral.

Key equations
u ∝ Σⱼ exp(i(k rⱼ − ωt)), rⱼ = distance to slit element j
Frequently asked questions
Why does the central bright spot get wider when the slit gets narrower? That seems backwards!
This is a key feature of wave diffraction. A narrower slit means the source of secondary wavelets is more confined, which increases the angular spread of the wavelets as they propagate. Mathematically, the angular width of the central maximum is proportional to λ/a. So, a smaller slit width 'a' results in a larger diffraction angle and a wider pattern on the screen.
Is Huygens' Principle just a mathematical trick, or do the secondary wavelets really exist?
Huygens' Principle is a conceptual model and a powerful calculation tool. The secondary wavelets are not physically distinct sources; they are a construction that correctly predicts how a wavefront evolves. Its success, especially when modified by Fresnel to include interference, confirms it as a valid description of wave propagation, even though it doesn't describe the underlying mechanism of the wave medium itself.
This simulator shows a 2D slice. How does it relate to a real, 3D single-slit experiment?
The simulator shows a cross-section. A real slit is a long, narrow rectangle. The 2D model accurately represents the diffraction pattern in the dimension where the slit is narrow (width 'a'). In the other dimension (along the slit's length), the slit is very wide, so little diffraction occurs there, resulting in a pattern of elongated stripes parallel to the slit, which is what this 2D intensity profile would produce if extended.
What is the main limitation of the model shown here?
The primary limitation is the Fraunhofer (far-field) approximation. It assumes the observing screen is very far from the slit, so that the waves arriving from different points in the slit are approximately parallel. For a screen close to the slit (the near-field or Fresnel regime), the wavefront curvature is significant, and the pattern is more complex, involving different interference conditions.
Related simulators
Similar topics nearby (including related fields) — or browse all 37 in Waves & Sound.

View category →
School
Diffraction
Launch Simulator
Single and double slit with interference patterns.

New
School
Mach Cone (Schematic)
Launch Simulator
M = v/c > 1: Huygens pulses + cone sin μ = 1/M; not CFD shock.

Featured
School
Wave Interference
Launch Simulator
Two sources creating constructive and destructive patterns. 2D ripple tank.

School
Beat Frequency
Launch Simulator
Two slightly different frequencies creating audible beats.

New
School
Active Noise Cancellation (1D)
Launch Simulator
Two tones same f: amplitudes and phase; RMS sum vs ideal π phase. Destructive interference demo.

New
School
Acoustic Phased Array (Line)
Launch Simulator
N sources, spacing d/λ and phase ramp: steer audio/sonar-like beams (array factor sketch).

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Search 609+ simulators by name or topic…
Home
/
Optics & Light
/
Fresnel vs Fraunhofer
Fresnel vs Fraunhofer
Slit diffraction: N = a²/(λL); Cornu spiral; Fresnel integral vs sinc².

Fresnel vs Fraunhofer (1D slit)
Far field (small N)
Near field (large N)
Transition
Wavelength λ
550 nm

Half-width a (slit ±a)
0.15 mm

Distance L
1.2 m

**Fresnel number** **N = a²/(λL)** (slit rule-of-thumb): **N ≪ 1** — far field, pattern tends to **Fraunhofer** (**sinc²** here); **N ≳ 1** — near field, keep the quadratic phase (**Fresnel** integral). The **Cornu spiral** plots **C(u)+iS(u)**; slit amplitudes are phasor steps between two points on the spiral (qualitative).

Shortcuts

Small N = a²/(λL): far field; large N: near-field curvature matters
Compare solid curve to dashed sinc²
Measured values
N = a²/(λL)
0.0341
Scale y ~ λL/a
4.40 mm
Regime (rule of thumb)
Fraunhofer-like (small N)

About this model
For a 1D slit, the Fresnel–Kirchhoff integral includes the quadratic phase exp(i π (y−y′)²/(λL)) across the aperture. The dimensionless Fresnel number N ≈ a²/(λL) (with a the half-width) separates regimes: small N corresponds to far-field propagation where the pattern approaches the Fraunhofer (Fourier) limit, here sin²(πWy/(λL))/(πWy/(λL))² for width W = 2a. Large N means the near-field Fresnel curvature matters. The Cornu spiral traces C(u) and S(u) from the Fresnel integrals; knife-edge and slit amplitudes are phasor steps on this spiral.

Who it's for: After slit diffraction; pairs with Airy disk for circular apertures.

Key terms

Fresnel number
Fresnel integral
Cornu spiral
Fraunhofer diffraction
How it works
Near field (Fresnel): the quadratic phase exp(i π (y−y′)²/(λL)) across the aperture cannot be dropped — the observed pattern is a Fresnel diffraction integral. Far field (Fraunhofer): for large L (small N = a²/(λL)), the same integral reduces to the Fourier (here sinc) pattern of the aperture. The Cornu spiral plots C(u) and S(u) from the Fresnel integrals; knife-edge and slit amplitudes are vector steps on this spiral. This page uses a direct numerical slit integral (solid) and overlays the Fraunhofer sinc² shape (dashed) for comparison.

Key equations
N ≈ a²/(λL) · small N → Fraunhofer; large N → Fresnel
C(u), S(u) = ∫₀^u cos/sin(π t²/2) dt · Cornu spiral
Frequently asked questions
Why does the dashed curve not match the solid curve?
The dashed line is the ideal Fraunhofer sinc² for the same slit; the solid line is the full Fresnel slit integral. They match best when N is small (L large).
Is N exactly a²/(λL)?
Definitions vary by geometry (slit vs disk; width vs radius). This page uses N = a²/(λL) with a the slit half-width as a simple scale for teaching.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 50 in Optics & Light.

View category →
School
Diffraction
Launch Simulator
Single and double slit with interference patterns.

New
School
Airy Disk & Rayleigh Limit
Launch Simulator
Circular aperture Fraunhofer pattern; first dark ring; two-point resolution.

New
University / research
Bragg’s Law (X-ray)
Launch Simulator
2d sin θ = nλ vs θ; crystal planes and constructive reflection (schematic).

New
University / research
Holography (Recording principle)
Launch Simulator
Toy 2D interference |E_ref + E_obj|²: fringes encode phase; readout diffraction not simulated.

New
School
Brewster Angle
Launch Simulator
tan θ_B = n₂/n₁; R_p→0; θᵢ+θₜ=90°; Fresnel R_s, R_p vs θᵢ.

New
School
CD / Grating Rainbow
Launch Simulator
Lines/mm and incidence: scalar grating orders painted as λ-colored fans.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
Fresnel vs Fraunhofer — Simulator | PhysSandbox

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Optics & Light
/
Newton’s Rings
Newton’s Rings
Spherical lens on flat glass: air-film thickness fringes; optional π phase on reflection.

Film & lens
λ
550 nm

Lens radius R
0.85 mm

Gap at center d₀
0 nm

Film n
1

π phase jump on reflection (glass side)
Paraxial spherical gap; qualitative reflectance cos²(δ/2). Real rings use extended-source geometry and finite coherence.

Measured values
≈ 1st dark ring r (small-angle)
0.02 μm

About this model
Newton’s rings appear when a slightly curved optical surface (often a plano-convex lens) contacts a flat plate, trapping a thin air film whose thickness grows with radius. Light reflected from the top and bottom of the film interferes. For near-normal viewing the optical path difference is about 2nt, with t the local gap height and n the film index (air ≈ 1). A π phase shift on reflection from the lower-index side of an interface can invert bright/dark conditions; the checkbox models the common case of a phase jump when reflecting from the glass plate. The circular symmetry makes fringes concentric; the small-angle radius of the m-th dark ring scales like √(mλR/n) when the extra π is included. The raster image uses cos(4πnt/λ + optional π). Assumptions: quasi-monochromatic light, scalar interference, no finite coherence or oblique incidence — adequate for qualitative lab demos.

Who it's for: High school and college optics labs studying thin-film interference, phase shifts on reflection, and radius-of-curvature measurements.

Key terms

Newton’s rings
Thin film
Interference
Phase shift on reflection
Optical path difference
Plano-convex lens
Air wedge
Fringe radius
How it works
Concentric interference fringes from a thin air wedge between a spherical lens and flat glass: optical path difference 2nt plus possible π phase on reflection.

Frequently asked questions
Why are the fringes circular?
The lens–plate gap thickness depends only on distance from the contact point (to good approximation), so loci of equal thickness are circles centered on the contact.
What does the π checkbox change?
If only one of the two reflections picks up a π phase (low-to-high index), bright and dark conditions swap. Toggling the box lets you match either textbook convention.
Can Newton’s rings measure lens curvature?
Yes. Measuring ring diameters and knowing λ yields the radius of curvature R of the lens surface via the small-angle fringe spacing relation.
Why does the simulation look pixelated?
It uses a finite grid for speed. High-resolution cameras in the lab see smooth rings until diffraction limits intervene.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 50 in Optics & Light.

View category →
New
School
Thin-Film Interference
Launch Simulator
Wedge fringes: n, d, θ; cos²(δ/2) colors and I(λ) at mid thickness.

New
School
Anti-Reflection Coating
Launch Simulator
Air–film–glass at normal incidence: R(λ) from two-interface interference; quarter-wave design.

New
University / research
Michelson Interferometer
Launch Simulator
I(Δ) = V cos²(πΔ/λ); tilt fringes; coherence length envelope.

New
University / research
Mach–Zehnder Interferometer
Launch Simulator
Two-beam recombination; I ∝ cos²(πΔ/λ) vs one-arm OPD; schematic + fringe plot.

New
School
Optical Bench (sandbox)
Launch Simulator
Up to 4 elements: thin lenses, vertical mirrors, wedge δ; paraxial ray trace.

School
Reflection
Launch Simulator
Flat, concave, and convex mirrors with auto-drawn ray diagrams.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact


PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Optics & Light
/
Newton’s Rings
Newton’s Rings
Spherical lens on flat glass: air-film thickness fringes; optional π phase on reflection.

Film & lens
λ
540 nm

Lens radius R
1.18 mm

Gap at center d₀
160 nm

Film n
1.06

π phase jump on reflection (glass side)
Paraxial spherical gap; qualitative reflectance cos²(δ/2). Real rings use extended-source geometry and finite coherence.

Measured values
≈ 1st dark ring r (small-angle)
0.02 μm

About this model
Newton’s rings appear when a slightly curved optical surface (often a plano-convex lens) contacts a flat plate, trapping a thin air film whose thickness grows with radius. Light reflected from the top and bottom of the film interferes. For near-normal viewing the optical path difference is about 2nt, with t the local gap height and n the film index (air ≈ 1). A π phase shift on reflection from the lower-index side of an interface can invert bright/dark conditions; the checkbox models the common case of a phase jump when reflecting from the glass plate. The circular symmetry makes fringes concentric; the small-angle radius of the m-th dark ring scales like √(mλR/n) when the extra π is included. The raster image uses cos(4πnt/λ + optional π). Assumptions: quasi-monochromatic light, scalar interference, no finite coherence or oblique incidence — adequate for qualitative lab demos.

Who it's for: High school and college optics labs studying thin-film interference, phase shifts on reflection, and radius-of-curvature measurements.

Key terms

Newton’s rings
Thin film
Interference
Phase shift on reflection
Optical path difference
Plano-convex lens
Air wedge
Fringe radius
How it works
Concentric interference fringes from a thin air wedge between a spherical lens and flat glass: optical path difference 2nt plus possible π phase on reflection.

Frequently asked questions
Why are the fringes circular?
The lens–plate gap thickness depends only on distance from the contact point (to good approximation), so loci of equal thickness are circles centered on the contact.
What does the π checkbox change?
If only one of the two reflections picks up a π phase (low-to-high index), bright and dark conditions swap. Toggling the box lets you match either textbook convention.
Can Newton’s rings measure lens curvature?
Yes. Measuring ring diameters and knowing λ yields the radius of curvature R of the lens surface via the small-angle fringe spacing relation.
Why does the simulation look pixelated?
It uses a finite grid for speed. High-resolution cameras in the lab see smooth rings until diffraction limits intervene.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 50 in Optics & Light.

View category →
New
School
Thin-Film Interference
Launch Simulator
Wedge fringes: n, d, θ; cos²(δ/2) colors and I(λ) at mid thickness.

New
School
Anti-Reflection Coating
Launch Simulator
Air–film–glass at normal incidence: R(λ) from two-interface interference; quarter-wave design.

New
University / research
Michelson Interferometer
Launch Simulator
I(Δ) = V cos²(πΔ/λ); tilt fringes; coherence length envelope.

New
University / research
Mach–Zehnder Interferometer
Launch Simulator
Two-beam recombination; I ∝ cos²(πΔ/λ) vs one-arm OPD; schematic + fringe plot.

New
School
Optical Bench (sandbox)
Launch Simulator
Up to 4 elements: thin lenses, vertical mirrors, wedge δ; paraxial ray trace.

School
Reflection
Launch Simulator
Flat, concave, and convex mirrors with auto-drawn ray diagrams.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact
	

PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Optics & Light
/
Chromatic Aberration
Chromatic Aberration
Cauchy n(λ); thin-lens f(λ); paraxial rays R/G/B.

Glass model (Cauchy)
n₀ base
1.52

B (dispersion)
0.0042

Lens scale
f at 550 nm
140 mm

n(λ) decreases as λ increases (normal dispersion), so (n−1) is larger for blue → shorter focal length. Red focuses farther than blue along the axis.

Measured values
n (650 nm)
1.5299
n (550 nm)
1.5339
n (450 nm)
1.5407
f_R (≈)
141.04mm
f_B (≈)
138.22mm

Live graphs
About this model
Chromatic aberration arises from the fundamental property of dispersion: the refractive index of a transparent material depends on the wavelength of light passing through it. This simulator visualizes the effect of dispersion on image formation by a simple converging lens. It models the refractive index using Cauchy's equation, an empirical formula given by n(λ) = A + B/λ², where A and B are material-specific constants and λ is the wavelength. This relationship shows that shorter wavelengths (e.g., blue light) experience a higher refractive index than longer wavelengths (e.g., red light). The lensmaker's equation for a thin lens in air, 1/f = (n - 1)(1/R₁ - 1/R₂), then dictates that the focal length f is a function of n, and therefore of λ. Consequently, a single lens has multiple focal points—one for each color. The simulator traces paraxial rays of three distinct wavelengths (representing red, green, and blue) from an on-axis object point through the lens. Students observe how these rays, initially parallel, refract at different angles due to dispersion and converge at different axial positions, creating a longitudinal chromatic aberration. The primary simplification is the use of paraxial (small-angle) ray tracing, which ignores spherical aberration and other higher-order imperfections. The model also treats the lens as infinitely thin and uses a simplified three-color spectrum. By interacting with this simulation, learners directly connect the abstract concept of dispersion, quantified by Cauchy's equation, to the tangible optical defect of chromatic blurring. They can explore how changing the lens curvature or material constants alters the separation of the color foci, reinforcing the relationship between material properties, geometry, and optical performance.

Who it's for: Undergraduate physics and engineering students studying wave optics, optical design, or aberrations in geometrical optics.

Key terms

Chromatic Aberration
Dispersion (optics)
Refractive Index
Cauchy's Equation
Lensmaker's Equation
Focal Length
Paraxial Approximation
Wavelength
How it works
A simple lens has focal length set by the refractive index. Because n(λ) varies with wavelength (dispersion), different colors focus at slightly different distances along the optical axis — longitudinal chromatic aberration. This page uses a Cauchy n(λ) and thin-lens scaling f ∝ 1/(n−1) with f fixed at green for calibration.

Key equations
n(λ) = n₀ + B / λ_µm²
1/f ∝ (n(λ) − 1) (same lens shape)
Frequently asked questions
Why does blue light bend more than red light in the lens?
For most transparent materials like glass, the refractive index is higher for shorter wavelengths (blue light) than for longer ones (red light). This property is called normal dispersion. Since the bending angle of light at an interface depends on the refractive index (via Snell's Law), blue light experiences a stronger refraction, leading to a shorter focal length.
Is chromatic aberration only a problem for lenses? What about mirrors?
Chromatic aberration is a refractive effect, caused by wavelength-dependent refraction. Mirrors operate on the principle of reflection, where the angle of reflection equals the angle of incidence for all wavelengths. Therefore, a simple mirror does not suffer from chromatic aberration, which is why reflective telescopes are often used to avoid color fringing.
What is the main simplification in this simulator, and how does it differ from a real lens?
This simulator uses the paraxial approximation, tracing rays very close to the optical axis at small angles. Real lenses have finite apertures, so rays hitting the edges cause spherical aberration and other defects. Furthermore, real white light contains a continuous spectrum, not just three discrete colors, and the Cauchy equation is an approximation that works best in the visible range away from absorption bands.
How do lens designers correct for chromatic aberration in real devices like camera lenses?
Designers create achromatic doublets by combining two lenses made of different types of glass (e.g., crown and flint) with different dispersion properties. The lenses are shaped so that the dispersion of one largely cancels out the dispersion of the other, bringing two specific wavelengths (often red and blue) to a common focus, dramatically reducing color fringing.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 50 in Optics & Light.

View category →
New
School
Thin Lens Equation
Launch Simulator
Hyperbola d_i(d_o), pole at d_o = f, schematic + 1/d check.

New
School
Optical Bench (sandbox)
Launch Simulator
Up to 4 elements: thin lenses, vertical mirrors, wedge δ; paraxial ray trace.

Featured
School
Lens Simulator
Launch Simulator
Converging and diverging lenses with ray diagrams and image formation.

New
School
Telescope & Microscope (2 lenses)
Launch Simulator
Kepler / Galileo / microscope presets; paraxial rays, M, f_obj/f_eye hint.

New
School
Prism & Dispersion
Launch Simulator
White light through a prism creating a rainbow spectrum.

New
School
Fermat's Principle
Launch Simulator
OPL = n₁AP+n₂PB vs hit point; minimum = Snell path.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact


PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Chemistry
/
Unit Cell SC / BCC / FCC
Unit Cell SC / BCC / FCC
Conventional cubic cells; yaw–pitch projection — lattice sites before basis detail.

Structure
Simple cubic
BCC
FCC
Yaw
32°

Pitch
22°

Conventional cubic cells: BCC adds a body-center atom; FCC adds face-center sites (4 atoms per cell). Rotation is an orthographic yaw–pitch projection.

Measured values
Lattice sites drawn
8+6 faces

About this model
Crystalline solids are defined by their long-range, repeating atomic order, which is mathematically described by a lattice and a basis. This interactive visualization focuses on the fundamental building blocks of metallic and ionic crystals: the simple cubic (SC), body-centered cubic (BCC), and face-centered cubic (FCC) unit cells. It models the geometric arrangement of lattice points—the mathematical positions that define the crystal's periodicity—within these conventional cubic cells. The core physics principle here is translational symmetry, where the entire crystal can be generated by repeating the unit cell along three lattice vectors (a, b, c) that are equal in length and mutually perpendicular. The simulator uses a yaw–pitch projection to allow full 3D rotation, helping students visualize coordination number, atomic packing factor, and the spatial relationship between lattice sites before adding the complexity of a multi-atom basis. A key simplification is the representation of atoms as points or spheres centered on lattice sites, abstracting away electronic structure and thermal vibrations. By interacting with the model, students can directly observe and count atoms shared between adjacent cells (e.g., corner atoms contribute 1/8, face-centered atoms 1/2), derive the number of atoms per unit cell (1 for SC, 2 for BCC, 4 for FCC), and build an intuitive understanding of how these geometric arrangements relate to material properties like density and ductility.

Who it's for: Undergraduate students in introductory chemistry, materials science, or solid-state physics courses learning about crystalline structures and Bragg's law.

Key terms

Unit Cell
Crystal Lattice
Simple Cubic (SC)
Body-Centered Cubic (BCC)
Face-Centered Cubic (FCC)
Coordination Number
Atomic Packing Factor
Translational Symmetry
How it works
First step toward X-ray and materials vocabulary: where the motifs sit before you add a basis.

Frequently asked questions
Are the points in the simulator actual atoms?
The points represent lattice sites, which are mathematical positions in space. In a real crystal, one or more atoms (the basis) are associated with each lattice site. For an elemental metal like copper (FCC), a single copper atom is placed on each lattice point shown, so in that specific case, they coincide.
Why is the FCC structure so important in metallurgy?
The face-centered cubic structure has a high atomic packing factor (74%) and 12 nearest neighbors (coordination number). This dense, symmetric arrangement allows planes of atoms to slide easily past one another, which is a key reason why FCC metals like aluminum, copper, and gold are highly ductile and malleable.
What is the difference between a primitive cell and the conventional cubic cells shown?
A primitive cell is the smallest possible unit that repeats to form the lattice and contains exactly one lattice point. The conventional SC, BCC, and FCC cells are often larger but more clearly reveal the cubic symmetry of the lattice. For example, the conventional BCC cell has 2 lattice points, but its primitive cell is a rhombohedron containing 1 point.
Do any real elements crystallize in a simple cubic structure?
Very few. Polonium is the only known elemental solid with a simple cubic structure under standard conditions. Its low atomic packing factor (52%) makes it an outlier, highlighting that most elements adopt more efficiently packed structures like BCC or FCC to minimize energy.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 65 in Chemistry.

View category →
New
School
Close Packing FCC / BCC / HCP
Launch Simulator
Coordination numbers, maximal packing η, schematic ABC vs AB stacking beside a BCC cubic cell.

New
School
Galvanic (Voltaic) Cell
Launch Simulator
Two half-cells, salt bridge, voltmeter; E°cell and Nernst E from ion concentrations (pedagogical E°).

New
School
Orbital Shapes (Schematic)
Launch Simulator
2D |ψ|² colormap for s-, p-, and d-like angular patterns (pedagogical, not HF).

School
Electron Configuration
Launch Simulator
Fill orbitals visually with Aufbau principle animation.

Featured
Kids
Periodic Table
Launch Simulator
Click element for properties, electron config, and uses.

New
School
Nernst Equation
Launch Simulator
E = E° − (RT/nF) ln Q: sliders for E°, n, T, and reaction quotient.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact


PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Math Visualization
/
Lorenz strange attractor
Lorenz strange attractor
σ, ρ, β ODEs; sensitive butterfly in (x,z) projection — RK4 trace.

Parameters
σ (sigma)
10

ρ (rho)
28

β (beta)
2.6666666666666665

Evolution speed
1.2×

Trail points
8000

Reset + perturb IC

About this model
The Lorenz system is a three-variable autonomous ODE originally derived from a severely truncated model of atmospheric convection: dx/dt = σ(y − x), dy/dt = x(ρ − z) − y, dz/dt = xy − βz with positive parameters σ, ρ, and β. For ρ > 1 the origin destabilizes; for sufficiently large ρ (with classic choices like σ = 10, β = 8/3, ρ = 28) trajectories settle onto a strange attractor—two lobes of fractal structure with sensitive dependence on initial conditions. The simulator integrates these equations to show the iconic butterfly-shaped set, illustrating stretching and folding in state space, bounded motion despite local instability (positive Lyapunov exponent), and the existence of a dissipative attractor volume. Idealizations include ignoring spatial structure of real fluids, stochastic forcing, and numerical truncation error, though the latter can be reduced with adaptive steps. Students connect the model to chaos, unpredictability in deterministic systems, and the limits of long-range weather forecasting.

Who it's for: Undergraduate dynamical systems, nonlinear dynamics, or computational science courses after linear systems and Runge–Kutta integration are familiar.

Key terms

Lorenz system
Strange attractor
Chaos
Sensitive dependence
Dissipative flow
Lyapunov exponent
Butterfly effect
Nonlinear ODE
How it works
The classic 1963 Lorenz system: three coupled nonlinear ODEs with sensitive dependence on initial conditions. Default parameters (σ,ρ,β) = (10,28,8/3) give the “butterfly” in the x–z projection.

Frequently asked questions
Is the Lorenz model realistic weather?
It captures qualitative features—nonlinearity, mixing, and sensitivity—but real forecasting models resolve millions of variables and physics absent here.
Why do two nearby trajectories diverge?
Local exponential instability along certain directions in state space amplifies tiny differences; nonlinear folding keeps trajectories bounded, producing the layered attractor geometry.
Does energy conserve like in Hamiltonian chaos?
The Lorenz system is dissipative (phase-space volumes contract). Hamiltonian chaos preserves volume; the mechanisms and tools differ.
Can I trust long runs with Euler's method?
Fixed-step explicit Euler quickly misrepresents trajectories; use higher-order integrators and awareness of timestep effects, as in the Euler-vs-RK4 pendulum demo.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 85 in Math Visualization.

View category →
New
University / research
Rössler Attractor
Launch Simulator
RK4 integration of ẋ=−y−z, ẏ=x+ay, ż=b+z(x−c); period-doubling cascade as c grows.

New
University / research
Logistic Map Bifurcation
Launch Simulator
x_{n+1}=rx_n(1−x_n): scan r, plot attractors — period doubling to chaos (Feigenbaum cascade).

New
University / research
2D Phase Portrait (ODE)
Launch Simulator
Direction field and click-to-trace trajectories for planar systems: harmonic, damped, saddle, nodes, foci, pendulum (RK4).

New
University / research
Euler vs RK4 (Pendulum)
Launch Simulator
Same nonlinear pendulum ODE and step h; Euler vs RK4 side by side.

New
Kids
Chaos Game (Sierpiński)
Launch Simulator
Random vertex + midpoint walk; the attractor is the Sierpiński gasket — try RGB by vertex.

New
University / research
Flow Field Particles
Launch Simulator
Synthetic v(x,y,t); advection with wrap; optional arrow grid.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact


PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Math Visualization
/
PCA in 2D (principal components & 1D projection)
PCA in 2D (principal components & 1D projection)
Click-built cloud: covariance eigenvectors as PC1/PC2 arrows from the mean, optional orthogonal drops to the PC1 line, and a bottom strip of PC1 scores — the standard rank-one projection coordinate.

Display
PC arrow length (√λ scale)
2.35

Show second principal component
Show point → PC1 orthogonal drops
Data
Demo size
72

Demo seed
42

Load demo (tilted blob + scatter)
Delete one point (next tap)
Clear all points
Covariance uses the population divisor n. PC1 maximizes projected variance; the strip is the same coordinate as (p−μ)·v₁.

Shortcuts

Click — add point (max 220)
Drag — move point
Shift+click — delete nearest
R — reload demo cloud (new seed)
Measured values
Points
72
λ₁ (var along PC1)
0.8926
λ₂ (var along PC2)
0.7728
Variance on PC1
0.536

About this model
Principal component analysis (PCA) in two coordinates starts by centering the data (subtracting the mean of each axis). The 2×2 covariance matrix of the centered points is symmetric positive semidefinite; its eigenvectors are orthogonal directions of maximal variance, ordered by eigenvalues λ₁ ≥ λ₂ ≥ 0. The first eigenvector PC1 is the line through the mean along which orthogonal projection preserves the most variance; PC2 is perpendicular and captures the remaining spread. Each point’s score on PC1 is the inner product (p − μ)·v₁ with a unit eigenvector — exactly the coordinate used when you project the cloud onto a one-dimensional subspace. This page draws the mean, arrows scaled roughly as √λ (user-tunable) so length reflects spread along each axis, optional perpendicular segments from every point to its rank-one reconstruction on the PC1 line, and a bottom strip that maps PC1 scores to a horizontal axis so the 1D view is literal, not abstract.

Who it's for: Introductory linear algebra, statistics, or machine-learning students learning eigen-decompositions, variance maximization, and the geometry of least-squares rank-one approximation in the plane.

Key terms

Principal component analysis
Covariance matrix
Eigenvector
Eigenvalue
Centering
Orthogonal projection
Explained variance
Rank-one approximation
How it works
PCA (principal component analysis) finds orthogonal directions in feature space that capture the most variance. Here the data live in the plane: we center the cloud, form the 2×2 covariance matrix, and take its eigenvectors — PC1 (largest eigenvalue) and PC2. Each point’s score on PC1 is the dot product with that unit vector; the bottom strip maps those scores to a 1D axis, equivalent to projecting orthogonally onto the infinite line through the mean along PC1. Toggle projection segments to see the reconstruction error drop when you align the cloud with PC1.

Frequently asked questions
Why do the arrows rotate when I move a single outlier?
PCA is global: the covariance depends on all points. A far-outlying point can tilt the ellipse of inertia and change both eigenvectors. Robust alternatives (not shown) down-weight outliers.
Is this sample covariance (divide by n−1) or population (divide by n)?
The simulator uses the population divisor n for simplicity and stable teaching plots with small n; rankings of PCs are unchanged; only absolute eigenvalues differ from the n−1 convention by a constant factor.
How does the bottom strip relate to sklearn’s `.transform(X)[:,0]`?
After centering with the same mean μ used here, sklearn’s first column is (X_centered) v₁ with v₁ the first principal axis — identical to the scores plotted on the strip (up to sign, which flips both the arrow and the axis consistently).
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 85 in Math Visualization.

View category →
New
University / research
PCA / SVD Geometry
Launch Simulator
Covariance ellipse and SVD view of dimensionality reduction: principal components, explained variance, and rank-1 reconstruction error.

New
School
2×2 Matrix & Eigenvectors
Launch Simulator
Grid deformation under M; real λ eigen-direction arrows.

Featured
School
Vector Addition
Launch Simulator
Place vectors and see the resultant with head-to-tail animation.

New
School
Taylor Polynomial
Launch Simulator
sin, cos, or exp vs Taylor sum about center a up to order n.

New
School
Markov Chain (Weather)
Launch Simulator
Sun/Rain two-state chain: P matrix, stationary π, empirical vs theory.

New
School
Newton's Method (1D)
Launch Simulator
Graph f(x), click x₀, iterate x − f/f′ with numeric derivative; pan and presets. Complex basins: separate Newton fractal sim.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact


PhysSandbox
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Labs
More ▾
EN
RU
ES
PT
FR
DE

Home
/
Math Visualization
/
PCA / SVD Geometry
PCA / SVD Geometry
Covariance ellipse and SVD view of dimensionality reduction: principal components, explained variance, and rank-1 reconstruction error.

Data cloud
Major spread σ1
2.2

Minor spread σ2
0.75

Rotation
32°

Components kept
1

Measured values
PC1 variance
89.6%
PC2 variance
10.4%
Reconstruction RMSE
0.750
Yellow points show rank-1 reconstruction: data projected onto the first principal component.

Live graphs

About this model
PCA rotates a data cloud into orthogonal directions of maximum variance. The simulator draws a covariance ellipse, principal component axes, explained-variance ratios, and the rank-1 reconstruction obtained by projecting every point onto PC1. In SVD language, the singular values determine how much variance each right singular vector explains.

Who it's for: Linear algebra, statistics, data science, machine learning, signal processing, and numerical methods courses.

Key terms

PCA
SVD
Covariance matrix
Principal component
Explained variance
Low-rank reconstruction
How it works
PCA and SVD geometry: covariance ellipse, principal components, explained variance, and rank-1 reconstruction.

Key equations
X = UΣVᵀ; covariance eigenvectors give principal axes
Explained variance ratio = σ_i² / Σ σ_j²
Frequently asked questions
Why are the principal components perpendicular?
For a covariance matrix, eigenvectors belonging to distinct eigenvalues are orthogonal because the matrix is symmetric. PCA uses those eigenvectors as the rotated coordinate axes.
What does reconstruction error mean?
If only the first component is kept, all variation along the discarded component is lost. The remaining spread along PC2 is a geometric picture of rank-1 reconstruction error.
Related simulators
Continue with similar topics in this category — or all 85 in Math Visualization.

View category →
New
School
PCA in 2D (principal components & 1D projection)
Launch Simulator
Click-built cloud: covariance eigenvectors as PC1/PC2 arrows from the mean, optional orthogonal drops to the PC1 line, and a bottom strip of PC1 scores — the standard rank-one projection coordinate.

New
University / research
Monte Carlo Integration & Variance Reduction
Launch Simulator
Compare plain Monte Carlo, importance sampling, and stratified sampling for ∫f(x)dx, with convergence curves, standard error, and the 1/√N rate.

New
University / research
Gaussian Mixture EM Algorithm
Launch Simulator
Expectation-maximization for a two-component Gaussian mixture: responsibilities, E/M steps, likelihood, and covariance ellipses.

New
University / research
Kalman Filter 2D Tracking
Launch Simulator
4-state constant-velocity tracker: noisy (x,y) measurements, process acceleration noise Q, measurement variance R, and a live ≈2σ covariance ellipse.

New
University / research
Conjugate Gradient Solver
Launch Simulator
SPD system Ax=b as quadratic minimization: contour geometry, CG vs steepest descent path, residual norm, and condition number.

Featured
School
Vector Addition
Launch Simulator
Place vectors and see the resultant with head-to-tail animation.

PhysSandbox
Interactive physics, chemistry, and engineering simulators for students, teachers, and curious minds.

Physics
Classical Mechanics
Waves & Sound
Electricity & Magnetism
Science
Optics & Light
Gravity & Orbits
Astronomy & The Sky
More
Thermodynamics
Biophysics, Fluids & Geoscience
Math Visualization
Engineering
Chemistry
© 2026 PhysSandbox. Free interactive science simulators.

Privacy
Terms
Contact

Our website uses cookies. By continuing, you agree to their use. Learn more, including how to control cookies.
Got it!
API
Explorer
Bulk Lookup
Documentation
UPCProduct NameBook TitleValidator
683405611042,0881314577279,601420925937,...
Enter UPC or EAN (e.g. 888462323772,888462018869,..., up to 5 UPCs separated by comma)
UPC Lookup Database
With over 738 million unique UPC/EAN numbers, UPCitemdb.com is the largest UPC lookup database where you can search a broad range of UPC numbers to find related product information, images, barcodes, online shopping guide and more.

Latest 75 UPC updates out of 738,867,221 unique UPC numbers!
EAN-13 Barcode of UPC 013803000047
013803000047
Beta Business P CYAN TONER CANON CLC 5000 ( 6602A003AA )

EAN-13 Barcode of UPC 043396001534
043396001534
World Traveler

EAN-13 Barcode of UPC 750795013715
750795013715
Vic Firth prepack w/ 10, 12, 14(2), 20, hi-hat and cymbal (2)

EAN-13 Barcode of UPC 800442000077
800442000077
ICM Controls ICM318 ICM318 Defrost Control

EAN-13 Barcode of UPC 020334646903
020334646903
Traxxas 6469 Wheel Hub, Splined 17mm, XO-1

EAN-13 Barcode of UPC 719249029511
719249029511
Seachoice 2951 LED POLE LT. W/CHRM ZAM BASE

EAN-13 Barcode of UPC 041689193058
041689193058
Zippo All In One Kit (Lighter/Fluid/Flints)

EAN-13 Barcode of UPC 885170000155
885170000155
Panasonic DMP-BD65 Blu-Ray Disc Player (Black) (2010 Model)

EAN-13 Barcode of UPC 038132107151
038132107151
Springfield Yachtsman Boat Chair Package

EAN-13 Barcode of EAN 5017261000378
5017261000378
Id148z - B.b. King - His Best - The Elect - Bgolp37 - Vinyl Lp

EAN-13 Barcode of UPC 075992624824
075992624824
Into The Music - Cd

EAN-13 Barcode of UPC 842982000063
842982000063
Acurel Acurel F Aquarium Clarifier: 50 mL #F50 - Aquarium Water Clarifiers

EAN-13 Barcode of ISBN 9780794440909
9780794440909
Sesame Street Music Player Storybook - Collectors by Farrah McDoogle (Hardcover)

EAN-13 Barcode of UPC 078175013002
078175013002
Mothers CMX Ceramic Trim Restore and Coat 6.7 oz.

EAN-13 Barcode of UPC 737052351100
737052351100
Hugo Boss Men's 3.3-ounce Eau de Toilette Cologne

1-15 | 16-30 | 31-45 | 46-60 | 61-75
Privacy Terms API Fees & Billing
UPCitemdb.com Contact
  
Disclaimer: The information is all provided as-is, with no guarantees on availability or accuracy of the results. We'll certainly do our best to make the service highly-available though, and the results accurate.

Copyright @ 2026 upcitemdb.com. All rights reserved.

Find Resources



Menu

Literacy

Maths

Topics

Signs and Labels

Class Management

Special Needs

Other

Popular

Phase 5 Sound Mat
RELATED ITEMS
SUGGEST A RESOURCE
Description

The phonemes for Phase 5, with pictures, presented on a printable table-top mat.
PDF
DOWNLOAD FREE

Other Versions
Low Colour Version Cursive Version Phase 2 Phase 3
Preview


Related Resources

© Copyright SparkleBox Teacher Resources (UK) Ltd.  About Us | Terms and Conditions of Use | Copyright | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | FAQ

Follow Us:

Hawaii State Legislature
2006 Legislative Session
SB2325
Generated on 9/19/2006 9:26:42 AM
Measure Title:	RELATING TO PRESCRIPTION DRUGS.
Report Title:	Medication; immunosuppressents
Description:	Provides equal access when it comes to providing open, unrestricted access for patients who are medicaid recipients and who suffer from HIV, acquired immune deficiency syndrome, or hepatitis C, or who are in need of immunosuppressives as a result of organ transplants, regardless of whether they are in the Medicaid Fee-For-service or the Medicaid QUEST programs.
Package:	Governor
Companion:	HB2362
Introducer(s):	BUNDA (BR)
Current Referral:	HMS/HTH, WAM


Date	 	Status Text
1/25/2006	S	Introduced and passed First Reading.
1/27/2006	S	Referred to HMS/HTH, WAM.
2/1/2006	S	The committee(s) on HMS/HTH has scheduled a public hearing on 02-07-06 at 2:45 pm in conference room 016.
2/7/2006	S	The committee(s) on HMS recommend(s) that the measure be PASSED, UNAMENDED. The votes in HMS were as follows: 4 Aye(s): Senator(s) Chun Oakland, Fukunaga, Hooser, Trimble; Aye(s) with reservations: none ; 0 No(es): none; and 2 Excused: Senator(s) Ihara, Kokubun.
2/7/2006	S	The committee(s) on HTH recommend(s) that the measure be PASSED, UNAMENDED. The votes in HTH were as follows: 3 Aye(s): Senator(s) Baker, Chun Oakland, Tsutsui; Aye(s) with reservations: none ; 0 No(es): none; and 2 Excused: Senator(s) Hanabusa, Whalen.
2/16/2006	S	Reported from HMS/HTH (Stand. Com. Rep. No. 2215) with recommendation of passage on Second Reading and referral to WAM.
2/16/2006	S	Report adopted; Passed Second Reading and referred to WAM.
$ = Appropriation measure
ConAm = Constitutional Amendment
タカラスタンダード 「きれい」と暮らそう、高品位ホーロー。
商品情報
商品情報


キッチン

ユニットバス・浴室

洗面化粧台
Takara standard ×ムーミンコラボパネル

壁パネル・壁材（内装材）
Takara standard ×ヤノベケンジ
ホームビルダーさま向け商品
企業さま向け商品
カラーシミュレーション
CM・動画ギャラリー
 
リフォーム
リフォーム

キッチンリフォーム
浴室・お風呂 リフォーム
洗面化粧台 リフォーム
ペットリフォーム
第7回家事らくリフォーム作品コンテスト
リフォームお役立ちコラム
リフォーム事例・費用・期間の目安
リフォームの基礎知識・進め方
リフォーム工事費用の相場とリフォーム工期の目安
キッチンユーザーインタビュー「Voice」
リフォームメール相談
タカラリフォームローン
パートナーショップ（施工店を探す）
 
ブランド
ブランド

新CMスペシャルサイト
宮崎美子のやっぱり行かなきゃ！ショールーム特設サイト
Takara standard ×ムーミンコラボパネル
メディア美術協力サイト
Takara standard ×ヤノベケンジ
高品位ホーローのある暮らし
お客さまとの信頼関係を築く「適正価格」
見て、触れて、納得。顧客満足度の高いタカラスタンダードのショールーム。
タカラスタンダード創業110周年記念サイト
オールホーローか、ハイブリッドホーローか。
理想で選ぶ2つのキッチン
タカラスタンダードの提案力
タカラスタンダードが紡ぐものづくり
CM・動画ギャラリー
暮らしを愛する人たち
 
ショールーム予約
ショールーム予約



ショールーム予約

必読！ショールームへ行く前に確認しておくべきポイント
よしもと住みます芸人が行く！タカラ放浪記
展示品情報
イベント情報
360°カメラでショールームをチェック
タカラパートナーショップ（施工店を探す）
 
ホームビルダーさま向け商品
ホームビルダーさま向け商品


システムキッチン グランディア

システムキッチン オフェリア

システムバス リラクシア Jタイプ

システムバス リラクシア Pタイプ

洗面化粧台 ドレシオ

洗面化粧台 エリシオ
カラーシミュレーション
CM・動画ギャラリー
 
お客さまサポート
お客さまサポート

よくあるご質問
修理のご依頼
オンラインショップ
浄水器カートリッジ
定期お届けサービス
メンテナンススケジュール
お手入れマニュアル
製品品番の調べ方
取扱説明動画
取扱説明書
お問い合わせ
延長保証サービス
定期点検のお願い
長期使用製品安全点検制度
カタログ請求・WEBカタログ
旧カタログ
商品寸法図（PDF・CADデータ）
 
会社情報
会社情報

トップメッセージ
理念体系
会社概要
事業所一覧
タカラスタンダードが考えるSDGs
沿革
110周年記念サイト
資材調達
採用情報
企業方針


採用情報

 
IR・投資家情報
IR・投資家情報

IRニュース
経営方針・戦略／サステナビリティ
業績・財務
個人投資家の皆様へ
IRライブラリ
株主・株式情報
株価情報
お問い合わせ
SDGs
電子公告
IRカレンダー
 
採用情報
採用情報

新卒採用サイト
キャリア採用サイト
カタログ請求・WEBカタログ
 
パートナーショップ
 
業者さま向け
Language 
instagram
サイト内検索
検索
HOME
商品情報
システムバス
展示品一覧
グランスパ
お風呂（浴室） グランスパ 1坪サイズ相当＜1418＞の展示品一覧
HOME
ショールーム検索・予約
東京都のショールーム一覧
多摩ショールーム
多摩ショールーム展示品一覧
お風呂（浴室） グランスパ 1坪サイズ相当＜1418＞の展示品一覧
お風呂（浴室） グランスパ 1坪サイズ相当＜1418＞ ノルディックグリーン SB2325 の展示品
写真の展示価格￥861,500

オプションを含んだ価格になります。


シリーズ
グランスパ
サイズ
1坪サイズ相当＜1418＞
床材・床色
カームベージュ
浴槽材質・浴槽カラー
シュガーライトベージュ
浴室パネル
ノルディックグリーン
展示品一覧No
SB2325
展示品一覧を印刷する

お風呂

詳細を見るPDFファイルへのリンク

プランボードを見るPDFファイルへのリンク

東京都 多摩ショールーム
住所
〒192-0363　東京都八王子市別所１－１０－３ [MAP]
電話番号
042-677-1020
WEB予約

ショールーム詳細

全国のシステムバスの展示品一覧へ戻る

Product
システムバス　プレデンシア
深い透明感と心地よい肌触りの鋳物ホーロー浴槽。浴室内も格調高い逸品で構成しています。

MORE


システムバス　グランスパ
清掃性・耐久性に優れたキープクリーン浴槽と充実の基本性能とお求めやすさを両立したFRP浴槽。
組み合わせが自由なため幅広いニーズにお応えできます。

MORE


この製品を探しています

無償修理
洗面化粧台ミラーキャビネット


無償点検修理
ヘルシージェットバス

製品に関する重要なお知らせ

商品情報
キッチン
ユニットバス・浴室
洗面化粧台
壁パネル・壁材（内装材）
ホームビルダーさま向け商品
企業さま向け商品
リフォーム
キッチン リフォーム
浴室・お風呂 リフォーム
洗面化粧台 リフォーム
リフォーム事例・費用・期間の目安
リフォームメール相談
タカラリフォームローン
リフォームの基礎知識
リフォーム工事費用の相場とリフォーム工期の目安
会社情報
トップメッセージ
理念体系
会社概要
事業所一覧
採用情報
タカラスタンダードが取り組むSDGs
沿革
創業110周年記念サイト
資材調達
企業方針
IR・投資家情報
IRニュース
経営方針・戦略／サステナビリティ
業績・財務
個人投資家の皆様へ
IRライブラリ
株主・株式情報
株価情報
電子公告
IRカレンダー
タカラスタンダードのブランド
ショールーム検索・予約
カラーシミュレーション
パートナーショップ
カタログ請求・WEBカタログ
CM・動画ギャラリー
お客さまサポート
オンラインショップ
業者さま向け
Instagram
サイトマップ 利用規約 プライバシーポリシー ソーシャルメディア利用規約 製品安全に関する基本方針
Copyright© Takara standard All rights reserved.

実際のお客様からInstagramに寄せられた
施工事例を見てみませんか？
「タカラのある暮らし」を見てみる

1
thenathanmcknight's profile picture
m_talha22
NED University of Engineering and Technology
m_talha22's profile picture
m_talha22
 
Edited
•
4d
Made it. Alhamdulillah.
NED'26
m_hamza9999's profile picture
m_hamza9999
 
3d
Graduated from high school 😂
ig_fehdi's profile picture
ig_fehdi
 
3d
Degree hogaye ab ussy propose krdo 😂
w4ilzz's profile picture
w4ilzz
 
4d
You are an inspiration
m._.huzaifa's profile picture
m._.huzaifa
 
4d
Proud of you bro🫶🫶
tayyyeba's profile picture
tayyyeba
 
4d
Congratulations 😍
_.muhammad_.hashir's profile picture
_.muhammad_.hashir
 
4d
Heavyy sheera ❤️
rehman_haseenur's profile picture
rehman_haseenur
 
3d
Mashallah ❤️👁️🤲🏻
muhammadabdullah.512's profile picture
muhammadabdullah.512
 
3d
Congratulations ❤️
ammad_maroof's profile picture
ammad_maroof
 
4d
❤️
shayan.__.nadeem's profile picture
shayan.__.nadeem
 
4d
Gulaabi Dil Gulaabi Dil ❤️❤️🔥
murtuz4z4's profile picture
murtuz4z4
 
3d
🫶🏻
samina.haseeb's profile picture
samina.haseeb
 
3d
MashaAllah
mohikhan00's profile picture
mohikhan00
 
4d
Mashallah ❤️🤩
abdulrafay4917's profile picture
abdulrafay4917
 
3d
keep growing bro❤️
ghanighuffran's profile picture
ghanighuffran
 
3d
Masha ALLAH 😍❤️
172
34
4 days ago

Add a comment…

More posts from 
Meta
About
Blog
Jobs
Help
API
Privacy
Consumer Health Privacy
Terms
Locations
Popular
Instagram Lite
Meta AI
Muse
Threads
Contact Uploading & Non-Users
Meta Verified
English

English
© 2026 Instagram from Meta

Bells CB Radio		
 	 	Bells CB Phone Number             Home Button             FaceBook Chat Chat	 	 
PayPal - The safer, easier way to pay online! 

   	 	 
 	Orders with radio work are delayed 3 - 14 days	 
Bells CB Radio		
 	 	Bells CB Phone Number             Home Button             FaceBook Chat Chat	 	 
PayPal - The safer, easier way to pay online! 

   	 	 
 	Orders with radio work are delayed 3 - 14 days	 
Comedy Sound Effects 
 	The sound bytes heard on this page have quirks and are low quality.
 The Sound bytes used to record your sound byte are perfect and without the flaws heard here.	 
Byte #

Description

Length
SB1941	REDNECK STOMP - WORDS OF THE SOUTH	19.4
SB2006	KNOWHATIMEAN? # 1	0.55
SB2257	BERIUT AIRLINES ADVERTISEMENT	19.78
SB2324	HERE'S YOUR SIGN # 1  ( COMIC VERSE )	18
SB2325	HERE'S YOUR SIGN # 2  ( SINGING )	17.1
SB2326	HERE'S YOUR SIGN # 3  ( HERE'S YOUR SIGN )	1.06
SB2327	HERE'S YOUR SIGN # 4  ( I JUST HATE STUPID PEOPLE )	2.45
SB2331	NO RESPECT  ( RODNEY DANGERFIELD )	2.55
SB2338	MAD COW DISEASE  ( COMICAL )	15.66
SB2368	WHEN A MAN LOVES A WOMEN - EDDIE MURPHY	6.13
 
Contact Button
Contact	90day-warranty-decal	

Bells Phone Number

TECH INFO
TECH SERVICES	

 
 
Contact Button
Contact	90day-warranty-decal	

Bells Phone Number

TECH INFO
TECH SERVICES	

 
 
Contact Button
Contact	90day-warranty-decal	

Bells Phone Number

TECH INFO
TECH SERVICES	

 
 
Contact Button
Contact	90day-warranty-decal	

Bells Phone Number

TECH INFO
TECH SERVICES	

 


HOME > Literacy > Letters and Sounds > Phase 5

Phase 5 Letters and Sounds ResourcesSuggest a ResourceRelated Items View Preview
Phase 5 Sound Mat (SB2325)

The phonemes for Phase 5, with pictures, presented on a printable table-top mat.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Sound Mat - Cursive (SB2400)

The phonemes for Phase 5, with pictures, presented in cursive font on a printable table-top mat.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Graphemes with Alternative Pronunciations Cards (SB841)

The suggested words for Phase Five graphemes with alternative pronunciations, as outlined in the DfES Letters and Sounds publication.  Over 200 words included!

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Graphemes with Alternative Pronunciations Cards - Black and White (SB10566)

The suggested words for Phase Five graphemes with alternative pronunciations, as outlined in the DfES Letters and Sounds publication.  Over 200 words included!

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Decodable and Tricky Word Cards (SB1776)

The decodable and tricky words for Phase Five as specified in the DfES Letters and Sounds publication.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Decodable and Tricky Word Cards - Black and White (SB10567)

The decodable and tricky words for Phase Five as specified in the DfES Letters and Sounds publication.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Grapheme and Word Cards (SB840)

A set of over 200 printable cards (3 per A4 sheet) featuring the suggested graphemes and accompanying words from the DfES Letters and Sounds publication.  Ideal for use in classroom word banks, for reading activities and also to compliment the activities suggested in the Letters and Sounds document.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Grapheme and Word Cards - Black and White (SB10568)

A set of over 200 printable cards (3 per A4 sheet) featuring the suggested graphemes and accompanying words from the DfES Letters and Sounds publication.  Ideal for use in classroom word banks, for reading activities and also to compliment the activities suggested in the Letters and Sounds document.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Alternative Phoneme Spellings (SB844)

A set of over 400 printable cards (3 per A4 sheet) featuring the suggested words and alternative phoneme spellings from the DfES Letters and Sounds publication.  Ideal for use in classroom word banks, for reading activities and also to compliment the activities suggested in the Letters and Sounds document.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Alternative Phoneme Spellings - Black and White (SB10580)

A set of over 400 printable cards (3 per A4 sheet) featuring the suggested words and alternative phoneme spellings from the DfES Letters and Sounds publication.  Ideal for use in classroom word banks, for reading activities and also to compliment the activities suggested in the Letters and Sounds document.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Alternative Spellings Posters (SB2108)

A set of A4 colourful posters showing phonemes and examples of alternative spellings for each, with accompanying pictures.  Great as discussion aids or prompts for spelling in your classroom.

Preview & Download View Preview
Additional Phoneme Fans (SB1225)

A set of printable segments which can be assembled into pupil alphabet fans using a split pin.  Includes the additional phonemes specified in Phase 5 of the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ document.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 ‘What’s in the box?’ Cards (SB6762)

A set of colourful word and picture cards to print for the ‘What’s in the box?’ activity as outlined in the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ document.  Words aimed at Phase 5.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Decodable Words Snake Jigsaws (SB9502)

A set of jigsaws in the form of snakes.  Children assemble the snakes to make the Phase 5 decodable words.

Preview & DownloadAvailable in Australian Fonts
Editable Version

 View Preview
Phase 5 Sentence Substitution Mats (SB1026)

A set of 20 A4-sized printable activity mats where children can be challenged to make new sentences using the substitute words.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Sentence Substitution Visual Aids (SB3099)

A set of A4 colourful posters showing sentences with pictures and substitute words to make new sentences.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Tricky Word Dominoes (SB4482)

Printable word dominoes featuring Phase 5 tricky words.  A great activity to practise reading and recognition of these words with irregular spellings.

Preview & DownloadAvailable in Australian FontsAvailable in New Zealand FontAvailable in US English and Font View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes Dominoes (SB4516)

Printable word dominoes featuring Phase 5 phonemes and pictures.  A great activity to practise recognition of the sounds.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Rainbow Picture Phoneme Mat - Cursive (SB10228)

A colourful printable mat with Phase 5 phonemes and pictures arranged in an arc above a rainbow.  These are particularly good for use with dyslexic pupils as they find it easier to recognise and learn items in an arc formation.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Rainbow Picture Phoneme Mat - Cursive (SB10228)

A colourful printable mat with Phase 5 phonemes and pictures arranged in an arc above a rainbow.  These are particularly good for use with dyslexic pupils as they find it easier to recognise and learn items in an arc formation.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Yes/No Question Cards (SB1027)

A set of 15 printable cards (3 per A4 sheet) featuring the suggested ‘yes/no questions’ from the DfES Letters and Sounds publication.  Also includes pupil ‘yes/no’ cards that can be printed double sided to use as recommended in Letters and Sounds.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Yes/No Question Cards - Black and White (SB10582)

A set of 15 printable cards (3 per A4 sheet) featuring the suggested ‘yes/no questions’ from the DfES Letters and Sounds publication.  Also includes pupil ‘yes/no’ cards that can be printed double sided to use as recommended in Letters and Sounds.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Sound Buttons Word Cards (SB2101)

A set of printable word cards with the appropriate ‘sound buttons’ beneath to accompany activities outlined in the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication.  Children ‘press’ the buttons and say the phonemes above to read the words.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 A4 Mnemonic Flash Cards (SB1240)

A set of A4-sized visual aids for use in the suggested ‘Flashcards’ activity on page 137 DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication.  Includes 20 lowercase digraph graphemes and accompanying mnemonic images that can be printed on the reverse of each grapheme.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 A4 Mnemonics Flash Cards - Cursive (SB2310)

A set of A4-sized visual aids for use in the suggested ‘Flashcards’ activity on page 137 DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication.  Includes 20 lowercase digraph graphemes and accompanying mnemonic images that can be printed on the reverse of each grapheme.

Preview & Download
Alternative Phase 5 A4 Mnemonics Flash Cards (SB2799)

A set of A4-sized visual aids with alternative lowercase digraph graphemes and accompanying mnemonic images that can be printed on the reverse of each grapheme.

Preview & DownloadView Preview
Alternative Phase 5 A4 Mnemonics Flash Cards - Cursive (SB2800)

A set of A4-sized visual aids with alternative lowercase digraph graphemes and accompanying mnemonic images that can be printed on the reverse of each grapheme.

Preview & DownloadView Preview View Preview
Phase 5 Phoneme and Picture Matching Cards (SB1760)

A set of printable cards with the 19 Phase 5 phonemes (specified in the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ document) together with pictures for matching activities.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 ‘Choose three right answers’ Mats (SB1028)

A set of 10 printable A4-sized mats to accompany the ‘Choosing three right answers’ activity outlined on page 143 of the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication.  Includes the questions and possible answers, together with ‘yes’/’no’ cards for pupils.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Noisy Letter Cards (SB2197)

A set of picture and word cards for each phoneme to be taught in Phase 5.  Phonemes are underlined.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Noisy Letter Posters (SB2573)

A set of picture and word posters for each phoneme to be taught in Phase 5.  Phonemes are underlined.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Tricky Word Bingo (SB796)

A set of bingo boards and cards featuring the nine Phase Five tricky words in the DfES Letters and Sounds document.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 High-Frequency Word Bingo (SB2404)

A simple bingo game featuring the Phase 5 high-frequency words, as specified in the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication.

Preview & Download View Preview
Editable Word Card Backgrounds (SB1179)

A set of coloured editable word card background templates for Microsoft Word.  Includes orange, purple, green, pink and red - the colours of Phases 2-6 from the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication.

Preview & Download View Preview
Sound Families Posters (SB2424)

A set of A4 printable posters with ‘families’ showing various spelling patterns (graphemes) that make the same sound.

Preview & DownloadAvailable in US English and Font
Advertisements

 View Preview
Phase 5 Phoneme Flash Cards (SB9358)

Printable flash cards featuring the phonemes for Phase 5.

Preview & DownloadAvailable in Australian Fonts View Preview
Phase 5 Phoneme Flash Cards - Black and White (SB10538)

Printable flash cards featuring the phonemes for Phase 5.

Preview & DownloadAvailable in Australian Fonts View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Children (SB8761)

The Phase 5 phonemes presented on waving children.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Hot Air Balloons (SB1696)

A colourful set of 19 printable hot air balloons featuring all of the Phase 5 phonemes specified in the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication.  Ideal for hanging in your classroom or for alphabet displays.  A colourful addition to your classroom!

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Balloons - Cursive (SB1709)

A colourful set of printable hot air balloons featuring all of the Phase 5 phonemes specified in the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication.  Ideal for hanging in your classroom or for alphabet displays.  A colourful addition to your classroom!

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Butterflies (SB1440)

An additional set of 19 brightly-coloured printable butterflies featuring the phonemes specified in Phase 5 of the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication.  Ideal for hanging in your classroom or for phonics displays.  A colourful addition to your classroom.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Parrots (SB10931)

The Phase 5 suggested phonemes presented on different coloured cartoon parrots.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Socks (SB1385)

A set of 19 pairs of colourful printable socks with the additional phonemes from Phase 5 phonemes specified in the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ document.  Great for matching and sorting games linked to phonics, or for displaying on a clothes line in your classroom.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Jigsaw Pieces (SB1963)

A set of colourful printable jigsaw pieces featuring all of the Phase 5 phonemes listed in the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication.  Cut out and laminate, and use with pupils to make up words by connecting the jigsaw pieces.  Also great for use on interactive classroom displays.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Easter Eggs (SB1273)

An additional set of 19 printable colourful Easter egg pictures with phonemes as specified in Phase 5 of the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ document.  Great if laminated for outdoor Easter egg hunts and children could build words using the eggs.  Also good for use on classroom displays.

Preview & Download View Preview
Assemble a Phase 5 Phoneme Plant (SB1146)

A set of plant sections that can be printed and assembled into your own ‘growing’ classroom phoneme plant.  It includes 18 additional phonemes (each on separate flower images) as specified in Phase 5 of the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication.  Also has a pot image for the base.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Flowers (SB1406)

An additional set of 19 brightly-coloured printable flowers featuring the phonemes specified in Phase 5 of the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication.  Ideal for hanging in your classroom or for phonics displays.  A colourful addition to your classroom.

Preview & Download
Editable Version

 View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Bubbles (SB2201)

The additional phonemes for Phase 5, as specified in the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication, presented on bubbles.

Preview & Download
Editable Version

 View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Bubbles - Cursive (SB10213)

The additional phonemes for Phase 5, as specified in the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication, presented on bubbles in a cursive (joined) font.

Preview & Download
Editable Version

 View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Crabs (SB2295)

An additional set of 19 brightly-coloured printable crabs featuring the phonemes specified in Phase 5 of the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication.  Ideal for hanging in your classroom or for phonics displays.

Preview & Download
Advertisements

 View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Tigers (SB8456)

The Phase 5 phonemes presented on a tiger character.

Preview & DownloadAvailable in Australian Fonts
Editable Version

 View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Dinosaurs (SB7908)

Phase 5 phonemes presented on colourful cartoon dinosaurs.

Preview & DownloadAvailable in Australian FontsAvailable in US English and Font
Editable Version

 View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Dinosaurs - Cursive (SB10930)

Phase 5 phonemes in cursive script presented on colourful cartoon dinosaurs.

Preview & Download
Editable Version

 View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Bees (SB2444)

The Phase 5 phonemes specified in the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication presented on brightly-coloured bee characters.  Ideal for classroom hanging alphabet lines.

Preview & Download
Editable Version

 View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Kites (SB2531)

The lowercase Phase 5 phonemes, as specified in the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication, presented on brightly-coloured kites.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Monsters (SB2610)

The Phase 5 phonemes specified in the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication, presented on brightly-coloured monster characters.

Preview & Download
Editable Version

 View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Pencils (SB6862)

An additional set of phonemes presented on coloured pencils.

Preview & DownloadAvailable in Australian FontsAvailable in US English and Font View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Yellow Bath Ducks (SB7372)

The Phase 5 phonemes presented on yellow bath ducks.

Preview & Download
Editable Version

 View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Scarecrows (Ref: SB7925)

Phase 5 phonemes presented on scarecrows.


Editable Version

Preview & Download
Phase 5 Phonemes on Apples (SB8783)

The Phase 5 phonemes presented on red apples.

Preview & Download
Editable Version

 View Preview View Preview
Phase 5 Words on Football Shirts (SB8774)

The Phase 5 high-frequency words presented on pink football shirts.  Tricky words are in italics.

Preview & Download
Editable Version

 View Preview
Phase 5 Colour Phonics Flash Cards - Cursive (SB2120)

A useful set of brightly-coloured printable cards (4-to-a-page) with the additional Phase 5 phonemes specified in the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication in cursive script.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Colour Phonics Flash Cards (SB2119)

A useful set of brightly-coloured printable cards (4-to-a-page) with the additional Phase 5 phonemes specified in the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Fairground Rides (SB9332)

The Phase 5 phonemes presented on colourful fairground rides.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 High-Frequency Words on Bookmarks (SB5922)

A set of printable bookmarks with various different themes listing Phase 5 high-frequency words.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 tricky words on bookmarks (Ref: SB5823)

A set of printable bookmarks with various different themes listing Phase 5 tricky words.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Bricks (SB9465)

The Phase 5 phonemes presented on bricks.  Ideal for classroom displays or ‘word building’ activities.

Preview & DownloadAvailable in Australian Fonts
Editable Version

 View Preview
Additional Phase 5 Suggested Words on Fish (SB10844)

Some additional words that are suggested for Phase 5 presented on fish.

Preview & Download View Preview
Phase 5 Phonemes on Butterflies - Cursive (SB6099)

An additional set of 19 brightly-coloured printable butterflies featuring the phonemes specified in Phase 5 of the DfES ‘Letters and Sounds’ publication in cursive script.  Ideal for hanging in your classroom or for phonics displays.  

Preview & Download
Follow us:

© Copyright SparkleBox Teacher Resources (UK) Ltd.  About Us | Terms and Conditions of Use | Copyright | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | FAQ

Letters and Sounds Resources

Download All
Download all the resources in our Letters and Sounds Section in one file.

NewLiteracyMathsSigns and LabelsClass ManagementSpecial NeedsOtherTopicsFind resources:

岩田鋼鉄株式会社 ウェブサイト
会社案内
カタログ(在庫一覧)
岩田鋼鉄の強み
ハガネについて
Meetal
Monochrome to Green 「すてない」。端材が、明日を紡ぐ。Meetal ミータルは端材のフリマ。
鋼種分類 : 
ボロン鋼材
鋼種名 : 
N22CB
N28CB
N35CB
N40CB
SB25
SB35
鋼種説明
N22CBは旧日新製鋼オリジナル鋼種で日本製鉄､JFEはS22CBとも表示します。｢S｣はSteel､｢22｣が炭素量0.22%[C]､｢B｣はボロン添加を表しています。
N22CBは低炭素ボロン添加鋼のことで同等%C量のSC鋼(炭素鋼)の焼入れ性の改善などを目的に開発されたものです。
一般的に焼入れ性は%C量が高いほど優れるが半面､加工性は劣り､溶接を行う場合に品質懸念があります。よって､加工性に優れ､焼入れ性を改善したボロン鋼が好まれます。
用途は各種歯車などです。

化学成分表
鋼種名	C	Si	Mn	P	S	Cr	B	補足事項
N22CB	0.20~0.25	≦0.25	0.30~0.60	≦0.025	≦0.025	≦0.50	0.0010~0.0050	Ni+Cr≦0.35
N28CB	0.26~0.30	≦0.15	0.35~0.60	≦0.025	≦0.025	≦0.50	0.0010~0.0050	Ni+Cr≦0.35
N35CB	0.32~0.38	≦0.10	0.25~0.50	≦0.015	≦0.010	≦0.40	0.0010~0.0050	Ni+Cr≦0.35
N40CB	0.38~0.43	≦0.35	1.20~1.40	≦0.025	≦0.025	≦0.30	0.0010~0.0050	Ni+Cr≦0.35
製造可能範囲
寸法許容差
機械的性質
鋼種名で絞り込む
弊社在庫表
「在庫数」は、常時変動しております。 詳しくはコチラよりお問い合わせください。

更新日時：2026年09月10日 13時26分

板 or 帯	仕上	板厚（mm）	巾（mm）	長さ（mm）	残員数	残重量（kg）
N22CB	AY	3.20	130.00	―	11	7,762.00
N28CB	AY	3.20	90.00	―	3	1,300.00
N28CB	AY	3.20	157.00	―	15	12,130.00
N28CB	AY	3.20	160.00	―	10	9,075.00
N28CB	AY	3.20	166.00	―	18	17,150.00
N28CB	AY	3.20	173.00	―	5	5,315.00
N28CB	AY	3.20	183.00	―	8	7,976.00
N28CB	AY	3.20	212.50	―	3	3,348.00
N28CB	AY	3.20	213.00	―	10	11,960.00
N28CB	AY	5.00	382.00	―	5	10,890.00
N28CB	AY	5.00	383.00	―	6	12,660.00
N28CB	AY	5.00	410.00	―	10	22,060.00
N28CB	AY	5.00	411.00	―	5	11,320.00
N28CB	AY	6.00	60.00	―	6	1,494.00
N28CB	AY	6.00	116.00	―	3	1,443.00
N28CB	AY	6.00	132.00	―	1	558.00
取寄可能在庫表
更新日時：2021年11月30日 17時38分

板 or 帯	仕上	板厚（mm）	巾（mm）	長さ（mm）	残員数	残重量（kg）
N22CB	PA	4.00	56.00	―	41	17,247.00
N22CB	PA	4.50	89.00	―	15	8,289.00
N22CB	PA	4.50	130.00	―	13	4,965.00
N22CB	PA	4.50	1,050.00	―	10	157.00
N22CB	PA	6.00	156.00	―	4	4.00
N28CB	PA	5.00	930.00	―	1	4.00
材料名から探す
鋼種詳細
お困りですか？
お問い合わせ・見積依頼はお気軽に
特殊鋼の世話役として、お客様に最適なご提案を致します。
お電話でのお問い合わせ
03-3624-0531
（土日祝日除く 9:00〜17:45）
岩田鋼鉄株式会社 ウェブサイト
〒130-0014 東京都墨田区亀沢1-11-2

TEL: 03-3624-0531

© 2026 IWATA Specialty Steel Inc.
NEWS
FAQ
サイトマップ
Meetal
健康優良企業 健銀：第2915号

本文へ移動
株式会社稲葉｜和歌山｜OA機器｜事務機器販売｜事務用品｜
お問い合わせはこちら
TEL.073-431-1461
文字サイズ:標準大特大
関係者専用
トップページ
会社案内
取り扱い商品紹介
採用情報
お問い合わせ
デジタルカタログ
トップページ
 ＞ 
取り扱い商品紹介
 ＞ 
デジタルカタログ
カタログダウンロード
こちらから弊社の取り扱っているメーカー、製品のＷＥＢカタログ（PDFデータ）等が閲覧・ダウンロードできます。
※ダウンロードする場合は、各メーカーの利用規約に従って実行してください。
WEBカタログ
コクヨ　ファニチャー(家具)
コクヨ　ステーショナリー(文具)
イトーキ
内田洋行(ウチダ)
日本ファイリング　図書館備品設備
日本ファイリング　物流保管機器
ジョインテックス
三菱鉛筆
パイロット
※PDFファイルの閲覧には、 Adobe Reader のインストールが必要です。
詳しくはAdobe Reader のダウンロードページ（外部リンク）をご覧ください。

≪カタログ資料請求・お問い合わせフォームはこちら≫
【TEL】073-431-1461 ／ 【FAX】073-423-5267
※受付時間：8時30分～18時15分（土・日・祝日を除く）
くわしくはこちら
取り扱い商品紹介
製品／サービス　一覧
フェア＆イベント情報
デジタルカタログ
ログイン
メンバーID
パスワード
ログイン
株式会社稲葉
〒640-8152
和歌山県和歌山市十番丁５１
TEL.073-431-1461
FAX.073-423-5267

大きな地図で見る
2026年
09月
火
水
木
金
土
日
月
火
水
木
金
土
日
月
火
水
木
金
土
日
月
火
水
木
金
土
日
月
火
水
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
営業日カレンダー(営業時間　8：30～17：15)
年末年始休業
夏季休業
|トップページ|会社案内|取り扱い商品紹介|採用情報|お問い合わせ|
株式会社稲葉
〒640-8152 和歌山県和歌山市十番丁５１ TEL：073-431-1461  FAX：073-423-5267 
Copyright©株式会社稲葉 All Rights Reserved.
2次元バーコード
個人情報保護方針
サイトポリシー
サイトマップ
